Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: We pick up and drink, or, as you.
Mike Sackton: Add a photo. Oh, there you go, cool.
Tim Sackton: Rizwyn.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, Dealeth, and Kenza return to the Temple of the 8 Divines, after having traveled through bits and pieces of drankor, searching for mementos and relics of 2
Tim Sackton: of the 7 souls that are bound into Apollyon's dagger that form his phylactery. Well, well, be waited
Tim Sackton: guarding the dagger in the Temple.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if any of you remember enough of what happened to tell Welby in. I didn't manage to get around to session notes
Tim Sackton: so, but probably not so. Maybe I should just.
Tim Sackton: I went back to the Transcript anyway. So I remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's see.
Mike Sackton: I mean. We found the the docks.
Mike Sackton: We we found the there was 2 rooms in the dot, or there was several
Mike Sackton: We went to the Customs House by the dogs right, and we found this.
Kate Sackton: He's picking the Halfling Tavern.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I yeah. Well, I forgot about that. I skipped over half the adventure.
Kate Sackton: That might be interesting to Welby is a Halfling tavern.
Mike Sackton: Right, right right. We found the Halfling Tavern, and there was a ghost there.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the basement.
Mike Sackton: In the basement, but I don't remember how we read the ghost.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I will recap what you say
Tim Sackton: too wellbeing, as he explained to him.
Tim Sackton: As far as did you see the messages.
David (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you return to the temple, and Kenzo dealt with
Tim Sackton: Riswin and Seeker. Tell Welby of their trip through the jungles of drankor.
Tim Sackton: following one of the main roads, past the
Tim Sackton: past the grand plaza, the huge sort of central market and
Tim Sackton: open space in the middle of drink, or where
Tim Sackton: the party dragged Seeker away from investigating a swarm of moths that seem to have been chewing on a building
Tim Sackton: following the road to the dockyard area where a row of taverns and sailors inns once
Tim Sackton: stood behind the large customs house. That was one of the centers of shipping goods up the river from drinker
Tim Sackton: they tell you about how they stumbled into the Laughing wave. The
Tim Sackton: tavern that had been owned by Serafina Apple Blossom, the Halfling where they fought undead, who
Tim Sackton: seemed to curse them with visions of sorrow, visions of the tavern being
Tim Sackton: raided, being attacked by Mages with
Tim Sackton: gray sort of ash colored cloaks
Tim Sackton: they found shards of a punch bowl which they
Tim Sackton: bring out, and then in the in the seller of the
Tim Sackton: laughing wave, the casings of fireworks where
Tim Sackton: Kenzo sensed a strong connection to Serafina, and flashes of images of Halfling. Sitting on the roof
Tim Sackton: of this tavern, laughing and dancing, and watching the fireworks explode over the river
Tim Sackton: and serendipitously as well. In the chest. In the cellar of Laughing Wave.
Tim Sackton: Kenzah's found a coin, a strange foreign coin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn!
Tim Sackton: A face on one side and a mountain rising out of the water on the other.
Tim Sackton: had some connection to Kemet, one of the other 7 souls
Tim Sackton: keeping the coin, but then asking the dwarven gods what
Tim Sackton: to do next, or where else to go
Tim Sackton: or pointed to the Customs House, where much trade, through drink, or came and went.
Tim Sackton: and they tell you about entering the Customs House rundown mostly collapsed.
Tim Sackton: Sensing a pull of something connected to this Kemet person.
Tim Sackton: stumbling into a room where a magic wardrobe seemed to preserve scrolls and notes and shipping manifests, but also a
Tim Sackton: huge swirling creature of red mists stood cursed or.
David S. Kong: On guard.
Tim Sackton: And after banishing it and having a minute to, I
Tim Sackton: dig through the scrolls, eventually finding both a shipping manifest from the ship Selim sugar.
Tim Sackton: Dalwith translated from some unknown language as Sword of the wind, describing spices and tea.
Tim Sackton: Seemingly Kemet's ship, and also a another manifest describing the the last person, the Paranar Minarath.
Tim Sackton: A description of some unusual but botanical samples to be sent to menoreth faculty of Natural history
Tim Sackton: at the University of the Austene.
Tim Sackton: At this point, fleeing from the
Tim Sackton: cursed Red Death, deciding not to face it any more than needed to be
Tim Sackton: and relying on Riswin's defined magic to drive away the hordes of Undead that seem to roam the city.
Tim Sackton: They tell you about coming back to the
Tim Sackton: back, to the temple to find well be.
Tim Sackton: and discuss how you might find the University
Tim Sackton: before.
David (he/him): And maybe take a short rest before hanging out again to find the last.
Tim Sackton: Of the 7 souls.
David (he/him): So, after you relate, all of that will be shares. News that I got from Sura while you were off hanging out in the tavern.
David (he/him): I just put it in chat.
Mike Sackton: Oh, fun!
David (he/him): Right.
Mike Sackton: Austa's, the captain of their wizards, great.
David S. Kong: Wait. So Chardon's just like straight up attacking done. Marna.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that was always on the docket. We just were hoping to kill
Mike Sackton: a polyon before it actually happened.
David S. Kong: I thought there was some weird like, detente weren't like the because they're like Chardonian people like kind of. There was like some encampment, and they were kind of like hanging out and around. But they weren't like
David S. Kong: just.
Tim Sackton: They they were until yesterday, or this morning, or last name.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Where is Sarah?
Mike Sackton: Where is this taking place?
Tim Sackton: Sungara, on the northwestern border of Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: Didn't we tell her to fall back and give up Sungara if needed?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and they probably are.
Mike Sackton: Hold on one second.
Mike Sackton: so wait. They're they're
Mike Sackton: so like, what's Sarah's plan?
Tim Sackton: I mean to flee, but.
Kate Sackton: But there's already bad guys ahead of what would be the orderly retreat of the army headed towards Tokra
Kate Sackton: is part of the problem, particularly.
Tim Sackton: She's more concerned about the strange, shadowy assassins than she is about the Chardonian legions.
Kate Sackton: Reasonable.
David S. Kong: Tunisia music. By the way.
Mike Sackton: Not a ton. We can do about that.
David S. Kong: I mean.
David (he/him): I think we just added to the list. Right?
David (he/him): This is the most important thing.
David S. Kong: Or or we pause this, and then teleport there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you're talking.
David (he/him): Or maybe, or maybe
David (he/him): the reason that whole thing went in motion is to deliberately draw us away from this
David (he/him): look. Maybe it's not a coincidence that this happened today, right last night.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like a in all the strings.
Kate Sackton: Just to go fight Fausto on our ship, even though we know that our ship's in trouble.
David (he/him): Then they were like, well, let's start a war and see if that distracts.
David (he/him): It's like it's just another iteration of the thing our Clones were telling us.
David (he/him): like all these different like reasons, to leave and go chase after something else.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Because we've got it. So we're pretty.
David S. Kong: But what what if? What if they know that they, you know.
Mike Sackton: Know that we.
David S. Kong: Do the thing.
Mike Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Yeah, right.
David (he/him): Right know that we're not going to leave. So this is the.
David S. Kong: Need to do the unexpected thing and leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: See, you're saying we can double cross their double cross.
David S. Kong: 3 crosses, make a right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly wait is Fausto on our ship, though, because we can't let him steal our ship.
David S. Kong: Yeah. He's he's likely on our ship.
David (he/him): Oh no!
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
David S. Kong: I think that's today, I think we have to kill pasta today. Basically, we've got like 3 h to kill pasta. Basically.
David (he/him): Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't play.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doctors need to take care of them next.
Eric Rosenbaum: Baxter will not submit to any other.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
David S. Kong: Well, this is certainly alarming. But also again, I think, probably yeah, we should go kill Pon Leon, and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it pretty bad?
Eric Rosenbaum: We can help Dunmar with information. Do we know of some critical.
David S. Kong: One moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ability, daylight, assassins.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unfortunately no.
Mike Sackton: There. Anybody we can send.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
David S. Kong: Is there a way to like rally the Centaurs that we met in like the very beginning of the campaign to go and like, run over and do some crazy like, you know.
David S. Kong: or or rouse the storm giant who I can talk to.
David S. Kong: I can actually talk to Storm Giant.
Tim Sackton: That's right. You can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's interesting!
Eric Rosenbaum: But where is he right now?
David S. Kong: He's a storm giant. I'm sure he can get over there fast.
Kate Sackton: He's happily retired.
David S. Kong: See, there's the thing I feel like we could call in favors like that, like the Centaur and the Storm giant. Those are potential things, but that would be more like to fight a polyon
David S. Kong: like less to like handle some human domestic squabble, you know.
Mike Sackton: Isn't our plan to find the 7th thing, and then go to Tollen, so that we have access to easy, dead people and then go to the land of the dead.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Do you know anybody in Toland.
David S. Kong: That can do what.
Mike Sackton: Help the Dunmari.
Eric Rosenbaum: The philosophers, guild.
Kate Sackton: It didn't strike me as particularly super. Jeremy.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're a little bit ivory tower. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Who do we know that's like powerful and can help us do shit
David S. Kong: the call favors? Oh, maybe we get Dimitar to like get like the entire crew of dragonets to like, come and provide like comic relief. And then chardoons are just like, Oh, look at these cute dragons, and then, and then, you know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's a long way, is the big problem. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: We somehow teleport all of them.
Mike Sackton: Teleport too many people at once.
David S. Kong: 200 dragonets in a trench coat is one person.
David S. Kong: This is a this is a a fun exercise, though kind of thinking in all of the years we've been playing this campaign.
David S. Kong: Who? What interesting, cool entities or people have we met
David S. Kong: that we can like call a favor on?
David S. Kong: There's some like dragon, we know.
David S. Kong: like we killed a bunch of dragons. But is there like a friendly dragon? We know that we can like call in a favor.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Kate Sackton: Our friendly person is Sir.
David S. Kong: I mean our friendly. The storm giant is is like, legit, friendly and powerful, like that actually is. Yeah. And the Tempars also are legit, friendly and powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, although we haven't.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: For the Centaurs we have for Ralgar.
Mike Sackton: What about elves and ornwass.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Alright!
David S. Kong: We just need to convince them that it's like, you know, either they owe us a favor, or it's like in their interest to go and intervene
David S. Kong: on behalf of the Dunmari.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, if we can convince whomever that we're going to get to help intervene.
David S. Kong: And I think this is probably arguable. Maybe we need some proof,
David S. Kong: that the Chardonians are in league with Apollyon.
David S. Kong: so that it's not just like oh, some, but some human political squabble, but that the stakes are high, you know.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do need to demonstrate that. Yeah.
David S. Kong: If this were game of thrones we would just like bring a zombie in and be like, look, it's a zombie. Believe everything we say, you know, and then it would just be solved. But
David S. Kong: you know I don't know if they need. You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ring.
Kate Sackton: This is, what about any of the powerful.
Kate Sackton: wizardy people of the super isolated, frosty land.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Or is all their power tied to their.
Mike Sackton: Bad.
Kate Sackton: Thing.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that that Rania owes us a huge favor.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. But like I said, it's.
Mike Sackton: Ersk, but they're wizards. Maybe they know how to cast teleport at least, or something.
David S. Kong: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David S. Kong: This is good also. Also. Crazy, crazy. A wild card would be some Feywild thing
David S. Kong: like unleash, some feywhile like madness into this whole situation and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: We have the cloud spinners, too, with the cloud spinner inside. Could we like.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Mike Sackton: Could we, like rally cloud spinners, allies to come to the mortal world?
Tim Sackton: Well, well, you don't have the tune.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is it on the ship?
Eric Rosenbaum: So Fausto has it.
Mike Sackton: Now wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: Saying great.
Mike Sackton: It's on the ship, isn't it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great good work. Everybody whoops!
Eric Rosenbaum: Faldrick's in charge of that, or whatever.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Have we contacted the ship?
Tim Sackton: You tried to scry, scry, failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, great!
David S. Kong: That's it's definitely not a share. But that was.
David S. Kong: that is where he is. I mean this whole like, Oh, yeah, Chardonian, this and that. But Fausto is not there. He's definitely on the ship.
David S. Kong: There's no way. He's not on the ship right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we have any evidence of that. Aside from just like being afraid that would happen.
David S. Kong: He's definitely there. You gotta be there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But mentioning our fears in front of him is a way to manifest them, as we know.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's do something.
Mike Sackton: I think we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's make some calls.
Mike Sackton: Go to the land. No, shouldn't we? Shouldn't we? Destroy the phylactery first? st
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we need one. So we but.
Mike Sackton: Not gonna take us, though.
Kate Sackton: Reassuring message, Sarah, like Gee! That sucks good luck with the retreat, if we think of anybody, will send.
Kate Sackton: don't not even promise that we'll do anything to try to help.
David S. Kong: Okay, I got it.
Kate Sackton: Which is worse for her. Our response.
Mike Sackton: That's.
Kate Sackton: We can't help you. But good luck, or just no response.
David S. Kong: I should respond.
Mike Sackton: Tell her.
David S. Kong: No.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Look, our plan is to what
Mike Sackton: it's what time of day is it? Morning, afternoon? I don't even know.
Tim Sackton: It's noon where you are, but morning.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: In Dunmar. So you're pretty far east.
Mike Sackton: But morning.
Mike Sackton: But our plan is to destroy the phylactery today and kill Apollyon tomorrow. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Pretty much.
David S. Kong: And then Disneyland. The day after.
Mike Sackton: Right, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trash, team.
Mike Sackton: So Sarah only needs to hold out 48 h.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: I think that's the message we send is that is that we are hours right where, like
Mike Sackton: we're in the, we're very close to destroying the master of all of these things
Mike Sackton: we don't necessarily anticipate. It's not going to be, I think, like you know, Lord of the rings Sauron dies. All the bad guys just vanish and smoke. But we can at least help right? Like
Mike Sackton: I mean, honestly killing 12 of these things is not
Mike Sackton: too scary for us, didn't we kill? I mean, I guess we never fought more than one at a time.
Tim Sackton: You've bought 2.
Tim Sackton: The last time you were attacked in Toland you killed 2 of them.
Tim Sackton: You're only you were. That was like 4 levels ago.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And presumably we'll get a level when we kill a polyon, too. Right?
Mike Sackton: Maybe not. Maybe we're at the level. We get to fight Napoleon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I guess, for 15th level. That's pretty high, so we can help her right like.
Mike Sackton: But we just can't be there for for 2 days, so I mean, I think our advice would be.
Mike Sackton: hold out. Flee!
Mike Sackton: Do we have any advice on? I mean we fought them.
Tim Sackton: They move super fast.
Tim Sackton: A.
Tim Sackton: You always thought them as like trackers right? They would lock onto your scent, and they would never stop following.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: I mean we should share anything
Mike Sackton: we can think of. That would be.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do.
Mike Sackton: And.
David S. Kong: Cheryl. Could you can say.
Tim Sackton: Those packs of dogs that only came out at night.
Tim Sackton: So right right.
David S. Kong: M.
David S. Kong: Like Kenzo, like we can give them very specific battle stuff, right? Like, you know, I've soul cited them before. I mean, we're not going to be like, oh, they're weak in intelligence. But you know we tell we tell them that our version of that
David S. Kong: right? Yeah, as much as detailed like battle specs as we can about them.
David S. Kong: And yeah, give us 48 h. Survive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: We're trying to.
David (he/him): Yeah, agree.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take down the root of the problem.
Mike Sackton: Scatter if you have to right. They have horses run.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Run in multiple directions. Give them as few targets as you can.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's nothing we can do to. I mean.
Kate Sackton: Is there something particularly precious or dangerous or fragile in Tokra that she's worried? They're headed to Tokra.
Tim Sackton: No, it's just the only place where there's a lot of people not can't easily flee.
Mike Sackton: But why can't the people in Tokra easily flee.
Tim Sackton: They could, but not everybody has horses.
Tim Sackton: although the monks are there.
Kate Sackton: There's our people.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, find defensible places. Flee. Those who can flee, those who can't, you know.
Mike Sackton: go to the monasteries, go to the other places that are
Mike Sackton: other places that could be fortified right? Although
Mike Sackton: it's not clear if these guys can travel through.
Mike Sackton: I don't remember if they can like dimension to our teleport type actions.
Tim Sackton: And never teleported. They could fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did the Dunmari know that these things are powered by J. Light?
Eric Rosenbaum: If not, we can tell them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm upset.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also that, like Fausto, creates them.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you give all this information to Sarah, after talking briefly, and then turn to.
Kate Sackton: Figuring out where the university was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: should we look at the map again.
Mike Sackton: Wasn't Welby gonna find it with his magic bow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crucial thing.
David (he/him): Welby finds it with his magic bullet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good nailed it.
Tim Sackton: So we'll be knocks an error.
Tim Sackton: steps into the courtyard of the temple, and
Tim Sackton: whisper, is the name of the university.
Tim Sackton: and shoots it into the air, the arrow vanishes.
Tim Sackton: Nothing seems to happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? Why would that happen?
David (he/him): But then.
Kate Sackton: Call, recording error.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: did you get my message shorts.
David (he/him): Oh, yes, sorry. But then then I check chat. Well be points there, he says.
David (he/him): I see the line so the the path that the arrow sets is only visible to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's check it out.
Kate Sackton: Do we need one of us to stay here with the valuable thing this time?
Tim Sackton: I'm I think, for gameplay reasons, we should just okay
Tim Sackton: fun, for it's it's a useful excuse when people are falling asleep or not able to show up. But since everybody's here in a way.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I agree.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Tim, how far away is it so? I know the distance to the location.
Tim Sackton: It sorry! Let me. I need to get all 20 wasn't signed in.
Tim Sackton: Give me one sec.
Tim Sackton: It is
Tim Sackton: 4,125 feet south and then east.
Tim Sackton: so not even a mile. It won't take you more than
Tim Sackton: half an hour to get there. If you proceeded fairly rapid pace.
Kate Sackton: Can we have some map in Rule 20, I'm still saying with creepy red.
Kate Sackton: Got it.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, did I not?
Tim Sackton: Here we go.
Tim Sackton: Are you seeing the map now?
Kate Sackton: Yes, thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's south of here. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's is this.
Eric Rosenbaum: This thing.
Tim Sackton: It's like south east, but the boat. The line, is leading you south on the safe path, and then it's gonna cut east.
Kate Sackton: The back of the big plaza.
Tim Sackton: No south.
Tim Sackton: So south out through the temple complex, and then winding sort of east from there.
Kate Sackton: Through the woods the whole way.
Kate Sackton: I'm she's not getting it.
Tim Sackton: So you follow Welby.
Kate Sackton: Very well be.
Kate Sackton: Don't know where we are, but we're following Moby.
Tim Sackton: The 1st short distance you travel south through.
Tim Sackton: The sort of main road leading away.
Tim Sackton: Here we can overview leading away from the temple quiet, hot
Tim Sackton: storm clouds forming on the horizon. It looks like rain might be blowing in shortly, but at the moment it's intensely humid, and you're sort of
Tim Sackton: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: So you set out through the jungle, and after only a few minutes walk, you pass under the trees the tall, towering
Tim Sackton: jungle canopy above, and Welby guides you, following some invisible trail that only he can see.
Tim Sackton: As you proceed. Turning to the east now,
Tim Sackton: Sticking through the forest, the trail guiding you in a
Tim Sackton: not a straight path, but apparently the least dangerous path.
Tim Sackton: Cutting south of a clump of buildings where you can hear unnatural creaks and whispers in the wind.
Tim Sackton: even though there is no wind, it's still and humid and hot and then guiding you
Tim Sackton: almost due southeast as you pass south of the great Plaza and Veer
Tim Sackton: further south and east, to go around a large tree that has fallen down, forming a clearing through which you can see vines covering the ground, growing
Tim Sackton: with faint traces of reddish mist clinging to them.
Mike Sackton: Money.
Tim Sackton: And you pass again again by one or so less than an hour.
Tim Sackton: The rain begins intense, heavy rainfall, but beneath the trees the canopy.
Tim Sackton: You only feel the occasional drop until
Tim Sackton: you come out in a clearing.
Tim Sackton: What looks like was once a garden of some kind.
Tim Sackton: a handful of statues, 2 statues still standing near the steps that
Tim Sackton: lead through this garden. This is the
Tim Sackton: clearly, the entry, the sort of outside gardens. The entrance to the University
Tim Sackton: begin to proceed through the garden. So Welby 1st she's behind Welby.
Mike Sackton: Daleth will be second.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then seeker.
Mike Sackton: Kenzah maybe take up the rear.
David S. Kong: Or.
Mike Sackton: Be second, and I'll take it from there. Let's do that.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, everybody roll initiative with disadvantage unless you normally would have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I roll initiative with this? Again?
Mike Sackton: Just roll twice and take the license.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just roll twice. Okay, did it? Did it do the thing? Yes.
Kate Sackton: In 9.
Mike Sackton: 18, instead of 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: There would.
David (he/him): No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoops.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled 3 times by accident, but yes, I got an 18.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Can everybody just tell me what what you got? 11.
David (he/him): 16.
Kate Sackton: 9.
Eric Rosenbaum: Teen.
Tim Sackton: Okay. 16. For for wellbeing, 11 for dealt with, 9 for riswin of a seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: 18.
Tim Sackton: Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: To see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get 2 good rolls.
Tim Sackton: What was Kenzo.
David S. Kong: 24.
Tim Sackton: Of course.
Mike Sackton: Did we take a short rest? We did right.
Kate Sackton: He did.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, at the at the temple.
David S. Kong: We can do swap stuff right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let me tell you what's happening. I just sorry I didn't have this link.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo,
Tim Sackton: Penzo, as you guys step into the garden here. Actually let me
Tim Sackton: as you step into the garden.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, you are the only one who sees
Tim Sackton: One of the or 2 of the statues begin to
Tim Sackton: shift and move and look in your direction.
Tim Sackton: Nobody else, I mean, you can obviously shout a warning. Nobody else notices this. You're the only one who beat
Tim Sackton: their initiative.
Tim Sackton: Let me.
Tim Sackton: So Welby is first, st and Kenzel, and down at the end.
Tim Sackton: So yes, somebody can swap with Kenzo if they want.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could.
David S. Kong: What do you do?
Mike Sackton: Yes, they're an advantage in what would you do first? st
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I don't know.
David S. Kong: Oh, you mean give Kenzo the 1st move.
Tim Sackton: First.st
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, never mind!
Tim Sackton: I'm the only one who saw the the statues slightly beginning to move, and got the jump off before they.
Eric Rosenbaum: As you manage to do their thing.
David S. Kong: But I can swap my position to somebody else if somebody can do some cool, advantageous, like thing set aside.
Mike Sackton: Do you want to? How far away are they?
Mike Sackton: I could use my scatter.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're probably not, are we? We're not planning. Yeah, I mean, I don't know if it's worth.
Mike Sackton: Do we think these guys are scary.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll actually let me go first, st so I can soul cite them.
David (he/him): That's a good call.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Mike Sackton: Is
Mike Sackton: Everybody else is after them. Right?
Tim Sackton: Everybody else is after them.
David S. Kong: Let me start with the soul site. Tim, what's what's the what's the stitch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: They're cr 15.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Oh.
David S. Kong: Shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David S. Kong: Oh, fuck!
Tim Sackton: Good at charisma, bad at strength.
Tim Sackton: immune to charm, exhaustion, frightened, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, restrained, and stunned.
David S. Kong: Oh, fuck!
David (he/him): Not immune to blindness.
Tim Sackton: Autoimmune to blinded.
Mike Sackton: Welby, you could still swap.
Mike Sackton: Oh, but you're down in the order. When is Rizwin?
Kate Sackton: Way, down.
Tim Sackton: There's 1's last.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: You could. I mean, my guess is at 2. It's probably 2 8. So never mind.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So they're nasty good to know.
David S. Kong: Wait. They're immune to. They can't be grappled either.
Tim Sackton: They can't be grappled, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, restrained, stunned, charmed, exhausted, orphan.
David S. Kong: Holy fuck!
David S. Kong: None of my aura strengths. This is the 1st thing we've ever fought where none of them will work.
Tim Sackton: He's done things left and right last last session. So.
David (he/him): Well, yeah, but I can't stand these guys. Good friend. In the moment Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: It can't be restrained is how you said.
Tim Sackton: They're immune to restraint. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's crazy.
David S. Kong: Holy fuck! Wow! There are 2 of them. Cr, 15. Wow! Holy fuck! We're in for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Run away!
Mike Sackton: No, no, no.
David S. Kong: And what's past them again. This is the.
Tim Sackton: The university where Minarith worked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we gotta go there.
David S. Kong: We fly over them.
David S. Kong: There's statues right.
Tim Sackton: I mean, as you have no idea if they
Tim Sackton: move can move or not. I mean they were. They're looking at. They moved to look at you, but they look like statues.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: But it probably can't move as long as you're looking.
David S. Kong: Probably can't look.
Tim Sackton: No, no, that's a joke, just for Kate's better.
David S. Kong: And.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: To.
Mike Sackton: Watches Doc.
Tim Sackton: For anybody who watches doctor, who.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've seen that one actually. Yes, it's good.
David S. Kong: I mean, I got the jump. I can go run up and engage and start absorbing some hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're just real strong.
David S. Kong: Incredibly strong. Yeah, they're strong as us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you should. I mean, we gotta hurt them right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'm gonna go hurt them. Tim.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And oh, man.
David S. Kong: They are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question about imprisonment, and whether that notion of restraint is something they're immune to.
Tim Sackton: Can you get? I don't think you can get that far.
David S. Kong: The eye can move 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, you can get that far.
Tim Sackton: I forgot you. Essentially, you can. Your move is 65. That's ridiculous.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
David S. Kong: Cool. I'm gonna I'm gonna start you know.
David S. Kong: fucking this guy up. I mean.
Tim Sackton: As you run up, and you raise your arm to swing.
David S. Kong: It vanishes.
David S. Kong: Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: Reappears right there.
David S. Kong: Oh no!
David (he/him): Hey, Buddy.
David S. Kong: Oh, no!
David S. Kong: Oh, no, no, no!
David S. Kong: Fuck! Alright! So I use my move. How far am I away from this guy?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you.
Mike Sackton: Bonus action, dash can right.
Tim Sackton: I guess I guess they can move.
Tim Sackton: Well, you tell.
Mike Sackton: But it might teleport over to be next to to be far away again.
David S. Kong: Alright. So yeah. If I bonus action dashed, I can still do my attacks.
Mike Sackton: Well, you wouldn't be able to get your extra tax.
Tim Sackton: You wouldn't be able to do your yeah.
David S. Kong: But I could do my, my first, st my main. Yeah, I could do 2 attacks right.
David S. Kong: Alright. I'll do that. I'll dash over to this one.
Tim Sackton: This one also has a reaction, and cowports.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, of course.
Tim Sackton: There!
David S. Kong: Oh, man! Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey? Sir!
Eric Rosenbaum: Slippery for statues.
David S. Kong: Teleports, where.
Kate Sackton: Let's decide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Recalculating.
Tim Sackton: Right there.
David S. Kong: Well, they can't do that again.
Tim Sackton: True.
David S. Kong: This round.
Eric Rosenbaum: This round right.
Mike Sackton: It's red.
David S. Kong: That's very annoying. Y'all.
Mike Sackton: It's.
Tim Sackton: Alright, you can still no, you still got 45 feet of movement left.
David S. Kong: I do?
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So run back and punch him.
Mike Sackton: Run back, you can. You can run back to this guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's amazing.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God! Holy shit!
Mike Sackton: Only use 20. You can run back.
David S. Kong: Holy fuck, all right. Wow! Kenza is just fucking, running all over.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with waves.
David S. Kong: That you would.
David S. Kong: Did you have a nice store? This is like this is like, did it? Did.
Tim Sackton: Where blink.
David S. Kong: Alright. I will now finally try to fucking attack. This guy is, is he? Is he attackable? Is he running away?
Tim Sackton: He's only got one reaction, a turn.
David S. Kong: All right. Finally.
David S. Kong: I will attack him with my staff, and I roll a 1.
David S. Kong: Is that.
Tim Sackton: Ed.
David S. Kong: Huh? Yeah, huffing and puffing, I still get my second attack right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, just like an attack. Yep.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: Damn 16.
Tim Sackton: 16, hits.
David S. Kong: Oh, all right.
Tim Sackton: Can't really dodge. I mean, you're just wailing on.
David S. Kong: Delightful surprise! All right! 14. Damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
David S. Kong: None of my other things are. They're all useless, right? I can't stunning strike like like literally all 3 of my.
Tim Sackton: They're all useless. Yeah.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: Can't grapple on me, though. Alright, alright! Let's do it! That's fine.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends Kenza's turn. This one is going to teleport away from Kenzo to here.
David S. Kong: Do I get an opportunity to attack the teleport.
Tim Sackton: Because it's teleport.
Mike Sackton: You moved the wrong one. You moved, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry it's not teleporting, Ken, though. Teleporting there.
Mike Sackton: Then they're going to create some sort of area effect death zone. And Welby's going to get fried.
David (he/him): Hi.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you know.
David S. Kong: Ideas Mike.
Tim Sackton: Yes, everybody, all of you have to make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: When.
Tim Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why did mine roll twice? Oh, no, I didn't. I just got a 17.
Tim Sackton: And everybody is.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Wait! Hold on.
Tim Sackton: Hands. I didn't roll.
David S. Kong: I roll 24.
Tim Sackton: Okay, everybody but Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Overwhelmed with a wave of sadness.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Hold on! I'm going to.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to use.
Mike Sackton: Favored by gods!
Tim Sackton: Everybody. That's 2D. 4, right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Everybody but Kenzo and deal with is overwhelmed by a wave of sadness.
David S. Kong: Inspiration, heroic inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Everybody has heroic inspiration because we took a short rest.
Kate Sackton: Right? So you guys have like, 3 old years ago.
Mike Sackton: You can reroll or.
Tim Sackton: You roll a die.
David (he/him): A reroll entirely.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David (he/him): All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'll use it.
David (he/him): I'll use it, too.
Tim Sackton: That's not going to help you, Eric. You've got you rolled a 17 already.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, don't use heroic inspiration if you rolled well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I don't understand.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't. It doesn't add to your current. You just take the role again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I mean you can it? But like well.
Tim Sackton: Did not help either Welby or Rizwin.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Tim Sackton: Welby, risman and Seeker are overwhelmed by a wave of sadness, lowering your defenses and giving attacks against you. Advantage!
Eric Rosenbaum: Or.
Tim Sackton: And then the creature is going to turn to Welby and attempt to eat your grief.
Tim Sackton: Nice.
David S. Kong: Fuck.
David (he/him): That's good, right?
Tim Sackton: Love, to see.
David (he/him): My brief.
Tim Sackton: 17 that misses, I think right.
David (he/him): Yeah. I'm an 18.
Tim Sackton: When e 2 that hits oh, and 21.
David (he/him): Is it.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one does 29 points of second psychic damage.
David (he/him): 29, sorry.
Tim Sackton: 49.
David (he/him): Got it.
Tim Sackton: And the second one does 1018,
Tim Sackton: 25 points looks like again.
David (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: And that ends.
Tim Sackton: It's turn.
Tim Sackton: This one now is going to do the same to Riswyn.
Tim Sackton: Natural 20.
David S. Kong: That's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy!
Tim Sackton: That's a 30 Riswyn's in trouble.
Tim Sackton: Alright, Kate.
Kate Sackton: 30 damage for the 1st attack.
Tim Sackton: No, no, that was a 30 to hit for the second attack.
Tim Sackton: 1020, 37, 42. The 1st hit does 49 points of psychic damage.
Kate Sackton: It's.
Tim Sackton: Second hit does 22 points of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! This is not great!
Tim Sackton: And that ends.
Tim Sackton: It's turn.
David S. Kong: Why don't we run away.
Mike Sackton: Because don't we have to get the thing from the place?
Tim Sackton: Deeker, you're up.
Kate Sackton: You're the same from the place.
David S. Kong: Can we get the thing from a place? Can we just like fly over them.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many people can dimension door with me?
Eric Rosenbaum: 1? 0, man.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not going to use a teleport at this moment any like advice.
Eric Rosenbaum: because I don't have much by way of attacks. I think.
Mike Sackton: Remind me there, wait, remind me, the soul site results.
Tim Sackton: They're.
Mike Sackton: Got it.
Tim Sackton: Immune to blinded, and they're not immune to
Tim Sackton: There are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe.
Tim Sackton: Charm, exhaustion, frightened, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, restrained.
Tim Sackton: prone, stunned. Basically, they can't be moved, and they can't be affected by like mental.
Eric Rosenbaum: Out incapacitated, as is done by run of psychic.
Tim Sackton: They are not immune to incapacitated.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could try that on them you're saying, although what's their.
Mike Sackton: It's face.
Tim Sackton: Charisma.
Tim Sackton: Their bad save was strength is bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strength. So int. Who knows? Maybe worth a try?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'd try.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will cast a.
Kate Sackton: In time.
Eric Rosenbaum: What level.
Kate Sackton: We don't know.
Tim Sackton: Any what.
Kate Sackton: On, save we don't know.
Tim Sackton: You don't know. You only get the best and the worst. Everything else is.
Kate Sackton: In the middle, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Versus like trying to do the summon construct thing to like.
Mike Sackton: I mean, a construct might be good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's just something to like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Welby is next, then Dalwith and Riswin
Tim Sackton: Insafe.
David S. Kong: Sorry. Wait. I was.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was looking at the different construct options. Sorry. I'm just trying.
Tim Sackton: Now you're doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Berserker.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's a stony lethargy versus the heated body. Oh,
Tim Sackton: They, they're turned past. So they do get their reactions back.
Tim Sackton: That, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna try this construct thing. I'm gonna do a 5th level summon construct
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, okay, and oh, wow! That makes a big thing up here.
Tim Sackton: Where are you?
Eric Rosenbaum: And and I'll drop it on the one that's closer to me. So the left hand side guy, okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then it's funny because they're.
Tim Sackton: Are you summoning here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just trying to quickly read through the
Eric Rosenbaum: sorry. I don't have those memorized the different types of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: So these are stone statues.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: We have some sort of telepathic
Kate Sackton: things where we do sort of on our own.
Tim Sackton: You're just kind of shouting you're telling.
Tim Sackton: Well, you probably still have your telepathic link for, like another 10
Tim Sackton: for 20 min. It doesn't take you that long to walk.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll make a stone construct, and it uses the stony, lethargy thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's large. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: The construct is medium.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then it gets an attack on its 1st appearance. Is that true?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I use my spell attack. Is that right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great. Yeah, that.
Tim Sackton: Except that when it goes to attack it, top works.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, hey? Further away is better.
Tim Sackton: Well, let's see, it wants to. It actually wants to stay within
Tim Sackton: 30 feet. So it's not gonna go that far. Actually.
Tim Sackton: it's actually going to like wait here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it has a move of.
Tim Sackton: No, I have to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excuse me 30.
David (he/him): That would be very, very good for me.
Eric Rosenbaum: If what sorry?
David (he/him): If you can get it back in melee. That would be very good for me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you wanted to get it close.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the contract will run over here.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, cause it can move right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it has a 30 move, 30.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so it can. It can move. There.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't really help.
Tim Sackton: That, and seekers tab.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I can get it. I can try and get it in my way, but you'd have to wait till I cast my spell. You could hold an action, though.
David (he/him): Yeah, or I can swap initiative with you. Right?
Mike Sackton: I think going.
Tim Sackton: At the start of only at the start of combat.
David (he/him): Doing it.
David (he/him): so am I. Up.
Tim Sackton: You're up.
Mike Sackton: Mean I could teleport all of us.
David S. Kong: Where.
Mike Sackton: Wherever we want, within 120 feet.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Mike Sackton: But them too.
Tim Sackton: You're next deal with.
David (he/him): No, I don't need to do all that. I'm just gonna take steady aim and
David (he/him): try and blind it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, thank, you.
Tim Sackton: The wounded one. I think.
David (he/him): Yeah, the the one that's been moving around. Okay. So here is one.
David (he/him): There's 2 re-roll the one or not attack.
David (he/him): Reroll the one that comes again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean the 19 hits, but the 31 also hits.
David (he/him): Awesome.
David (he/him): There's some damage.
David S. Kong: Please be blinded, please be blinded.
David (he/him): Pick off the last 3D. 6 of the sneak attack damage. So that's minus 11.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Yep, that's what is it? 23 points of damage, and then a DC. 18 deck save.
Tim Sackton: It fails.
David (he/him): Yay blinded, and then bonus action. I'm going to activate my boots of speed.
David (he/him): but I can't move anywhere this turn, so I'm staying here.
Mike Sackton: Which one is blinded, and which.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. One damp bonus action, your boots of speed because you bonus.
Mike Sackton: Bonus action studies named.
David (he/him): Got it.
Mike Sackton: Tim, which one is blinded.
Tim Sackton: The upper one.
Mike Sackton: Okay? And is that the one? Have they both used a reaction, or only the upper one?
Tim Sackton: Let's use the reaction. This turn
Tim Sackton: the upper one, the same one that's blind.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately, that's the one I can't get to.
Mike Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Yeah, I can only get
Mike Sackton: I think.
Tim Sackton: Resin's next, then back to Kenzo.
Kate Sackton: The garden shape. Things are just.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Kate Sackton: Decorate decorative, local, right? Like, I'm not line of sight or anything.
Tim Sackton: The only thing that would block that would provide cover is this like fountain?
Tim Sackton: Here and then these big trees
Tim Sackton: on the on the sides over here, and this this bush here would provide cover.
Tim Sackton: Nothing else. We provide.
Mike Sackton: Is that what I want to do? I need to do something.
Tim Sackton: Well, let's decide.
Kate Sackton: So with. If I you were next to me for a minute, right.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: I was. I'm really hoping to do a big, powerful area attack
Kate Sackton: effect area of effect attack on the 2 of them. So if you decide that what you need to do is melee. That'll mess me up. But if that's all you got, that's fine.
Mike Sackton: No, no, I don't have to. There's no actual advantage. I can't reach the guy who's blinded.
Mike Sackton: and the other one is just going to teleport away if I try and melee him.
Mike Sackton: I was just trying to move closer, but I don't have to.
Mike Sackton: I'll just move. Okay, so I'll move.
Kate Sackton: I'm after you. I would advise you not to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's fine.
Mike Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Mike Sackton: I'll move like 5. Is that okay?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'll move there. Bonus action. Hunters mark this one.
Mike Sackton: and then I will cast some nuts.
Mike Sackton: The naptic static on them.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: DC. 19, int.
Tim Sackton: Both fail.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Mike Sackton: That was a super crappy damage roll, though.
Tim Sackton: But they've got minus.
Mike Sackton: 20, but they have minus 26 on their attacks.
David S. Kong: That's helpful.
Tim Sackton: That ends Dawa's turn. Rizryn is up.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: So I want to just our good name.
Kate Sackton: Throw a massive sunburst still 60 foot radius, radiant sunlight patch at him.
Kate Sackton: But it's a 60 foot radius, so I want it centered over to the right of them so that they're.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can easily put it somewhere in the distance where it'll get them, but not.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, so.
Tim Sackton: That range.
Kate Sackton: I can do it from a hundred 50 feet away.
Tim Sackton: So you're fine.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: What does it do?
Kate Sackton: It.
Kate Sackton: Each creature in sphere makes a con saving throw on a failed save they take 12 d. 6 radiant damage, and are blinded on a successful save they take half damage.
Kate Sackton: And these, and when they're blinded they have to make saving throws the end of each turn to.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: go ahead and roll the damage. They both failed.
Tim Sackton: So they're now both blinded.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, things are looking better for us.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you guys always freak out before you start using any of your abilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: If.
Tim Sackton: And then you're like, Oh, wait! We're actually strong.
Kate Sackton: The attacker that dimmed.
David S. Kong: You have confidence issues, then.
Tim Sackton: That's the damage
Tim Sackton: I'm going to use this for. You probably can't see it. That little icon in the corner from blinded.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, we can see that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that was back to the top right?
Tim Sackton: Yep, that's as Riswin's last of light erupts. It is now Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: The one on the top
Tim Sackton: has does not have its reaction. The one on the bottom does have its reaction. Both of them are blinded, which means all attacks have advantage.
Tim Sackton: Hell, yeah, wait. You, said. The one on the top has, which one does not have the reaction.
Mike Sackton: Got.
Mike Sackton: Oh, actually, you should attack the one who
Mike Sackton: oh, no, it's gonna reset, no attack. The top one.
Tim Sackton: This one right here also.
Tim Sackton: the 3 people, Rizwyn Seeker and
Tim Sackton: Welby roll. Wisdom saves again to see if you can shake the sorrow effect.
David S. Kong: Oh, wait! The top one does or does not have the reaction.
Tim Sackton: Does not one doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Does not go after.
Tim Sackton: Rizwyn shakes off the effect of the sorrow.
Tim Sackton: though attacks are no longer at advantage against her.
David S. Kong: All right. I'm going to Do many, many attacks, and I've got advantage. Tim.
Tim Sackton: Advantage on all of them.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright. So 1st staff attacks see? 20 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: 14 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Second attack.
Tim Sackton: Cracks into him.
David S. Kong: 22 hits, 13 damage.
Tim Sackton: With that hit.
David S. Kong: You see a crack form as the statue is bloodied.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah. All right. 1, st first, st unarmed. Strike 22 hits.
David S. Kong: Nice. 15 damage, second, unarmed. Strike 26 hits 8 damage, 3, rd unarmed. Strike.
Tim Sackton: Cracking under Kenzo's fists.
David S. Kong: 22 hits.
Mike Sackton: How much damage.
David S. Kong: Or 11 damage.
Mike Sackton: Kate, how much damage do your thing? Do.
Kate Sackton: 53.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: To know.
David S. Kong: All right. I fucked that one up a lot.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that ends Kenzo's turn.
Tim Sackton: This one is going to was within 20 y'all with
Tim Sackton: made a save. Well, be okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he can't.
Tim Sackton: Okay. What's the save for the he has to make a con save again for the blinded.
David (he/him): I think it's just one.
Tim Sackton: So for a Kate spell.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Another con save throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on his death.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that is 16. That fails. It is going to target
Tim Sackton: it is going to target Wellbee with its brief attack.
Tim Sackton: straight, roll the advantage from sorrow canceled out by the blindness.
Tim Sackton: That's a 24, and that's a 25.
David (he/him): Nope.
Tim Sackton: So both of those hit. So that's
Tim Sackton: wow.
Tim Sackton: 29 points of the 1st one.
David (he/him): His psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: Psychic damage, and 19 for the second.
David (he/him): Awesome.
David (he/him): This is great.
Tim Sackton: And that ends its turn. It can't use this bonus action because it can't see
Tim Sackton: and it fails as consave. It's still blinded. The second one is going to target. Oops.
Tim Sackton: Think Seeker is within its range.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy!
Tim Sackton: Yep the second one is going to target seeker again. The advantage canceling out the disadvantage
Tim Sackton: that both hits.
Mike Sackton: Are you minusing one d. 6 from their tax? Tim.
Tim Sackton: I forgot that time the other twos were way too hot. One! What's your A/C seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: Really. Good
Tim Sackton: The 20 minus 4. So it's a 16.
David S. Kong: Unimaginably high number.
Eric Rosenbaum: A, c, 15.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that does not help against seeker.
Tim Sackton: Oh, man.
Mike Sackton: Do get saves at the end of their turn for that to go away.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one was a was like a 26, so I didn't bother a little. Yep.
Tim Sackton: hope they both fail.
Tim Sackton: Okay, 2 hits on seeker.
Tim Sackton: That is 39 psychic damage. Yeah, and 37.
Mike Sackton: So, how's everybody doing.
Tim Sackton: It was their turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think has been definitely been better.
David (he/him): I'm not a 3.rd
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, same, get the reaction.
Tim Sackton: Both still blind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Feeling so sad.
David S. Kong: Touched so far I'm doing great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Mike Sackton: Elephant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Honestly, like pretty demoralized, and sometimes secret. When he's sad. He thinks about like.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, it's like nostalgic for childhood memories, and sometimes also like he reaches for comforting snacks. And so he's thinking about those delicious little fried lizards, and he's like
Eric Rosenbaum: screw this. I'm turning you into a lizard. So he casts a polymorph.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Mike Sackton: Is that also 4th Level? Are they immune to something.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, yeah. So we're going.
Tim Sackton: I just looking like? Is it wisdom or charisma?
Eric Rosenbaum: It is a wisdom save.
Mike Sackton: Just remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: T.
Mike Sackton: Paul Morph, doesn't it? Doesn't
Mike Sackton: although I guess if we polymorphed one, we could into a wizard, we could just put it in a cage for a little while.
Mike Sackton: or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, it'll take it out of the action for a minute.
Tim Sackton: That's a 26, though. So it succeeds. It doesn't, doesn't. The d. 6 is only against attacks, not against.
Mike Sackton: It's only attack rolls and saving throws to maintain spells.
Tim Sackton: Okay. But it doesn't affect saves.
Mike Sackton: Not oh, and ability checks in general, but not saving, throws.
Tim Sackton: So it succeeds on its save.
Eric Rosenbaum: The seeker is still sad.
Tim Sackton: But the construct still gets to do something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the construct is going to do its multi-attack of 2,
Eric Rosenbaum: 4 slams against the nearer one, or actually, should it go for the other one that's bloodied.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it. The time.
Mike Sackton: No go for the near one, I mean, if it well, either one.
Tim Sackton: It's always better tactics to concentrate here.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, it's gone up here, and that's 2 attacks. So the 1st one.
Tim Sackton: It attempts to teleport away, but it can't see anywhere to teleport, and so can't do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so that's a 23 to hit, and then a I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're 23 to hit. And so both of those do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I have to reopen the thing. It is
Eric Rosenbaum: one d. 8 plus 4 plus 4. So one d. 8 plus 8, so I'll roll 2D. 8 plus 16,
Eric Rosenbaum: that is 28 damage. Damn all right.
Mike Sackton: Pretty good concert.
Tim Sackton: Pounds. Into this you can see cracks forming all along the statue, and one of its arms is hanging loose. This thing is badly damaged.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bobby, you're out.
Tim Sackton: Still blind. So you have advantage plus vex. So you have advantage, so
Tim Sackton: you can do whatever you want.
David (he/him): Awesome. Yeah, I'm gonna shoot it then and move so.
Tim Sackton: You gotta you gotta move a little bit up, because right now it's got half cover from Kenzo and the construct.
David (he/him): Cool, cool. I'll activate the boots of speed and move directly upwards 90 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): And then I'll shoot it.
David (he/him): There's 31 again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Mike Sackton: I would do full damage. I don't think we need any riders.
David (he/him): All right.
Mike Sackton: Well, damage might kill it. So.
David (he/him): 35.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it had 34 hit points. Lobby's arrow strikes
Tim Sackton: and the statue cracks in half.
Mike Sackton: Stella's, next.
Mike Sackton: Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. That was.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I am going to use. Let's see, I'm going to use 2 sorcery points to cast
Mike Sackton: the radiant lot of moonlight as a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then, oh, let me just find it. I find it hard to figure out where to check things off on this character sheet. Okay.
Mike Sackton: okay? And then I will make my 1st of 3 attacks with advantage.
Mike Sackton: Almost a crit. Okay, but that still hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: 2D. 8 plus 2D. 6 plus.
Tim Sackton: You just roll all your attacks and then roll all the damage at once.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure.
David (he/him): Because you're not going to kill it.
Mike Sackton: 18, that hits
Mike Sackton: 18.
Tim Sackton: And so.
Mike Sackton: Head. Right? Okay? So it's 2D, 8.
Tim Sackton: Rizwin well dealt with is calculating the massive amount of damage he just did.
Mike Sackton: Plus 15.
Kate Sackton: I should just start my attack because the thing is still there.
Kate Sackton: Okay, I am. Gonna guiding bolt.
Mike Sackton: 86 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that one is also bloodied, as Welby's sword strikes it 3 times and cracks begin to form along the side of the statue.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: I'm hurling a bolt of lightning toward it.
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: With advantage.
Tim Sackton: 28 damage!
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, you're up!
Tim Sackton: As Riswyn's blast of holy light strikes it.
David S. Kong: Alright. Well, let's kill these fucking things.
David S. Kong: So Penzo is going to we finish this guy off.
David S. Kong: Let's look at.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, find? It.
Kate Sackton: No, it's still blind.
Kate Sackton: eager. 28 points would kill it after Dell was wailed on it so hard. But I guess not.
Mike Sackton: Well remember. Oh, no! It took the 53. It should be almost dead.
David S. Kong: Well, I just roll the natural 20.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that'll do. That should do it. Kenzo can do it with his punchy punch.
David S. Kong: Natural 22 d. 10 plus 6. That does 18 damage on the 1st step.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The staff cracks into it, and
Tim Sackton: you can see little spider webs of forming on its chest.
David S. Kong: Second staff attack is a 23 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That does another 9 damage.
Tim Sackton: The arm cracks run up along the palm of its arm.
David S. Kong: 1st unarmed. Strike 20 hits. That's another 7 second unarmed. Strike 23 hits!
David S. Kong: That's another 15.
Tim Sackton: With that strike the torso collapses, and it falls in half buttons.
David S. Kong: I rolled the natural 20 on my last one dude, having advantage, is great.
Mike Sackton: And having advantage is awesome.
Tim Sackton: Rubbing it.
David S. Kong: It's so great.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an.
Tim Sackton: Incredibly strong.
Kate Sackton: It was my 8th level spell.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay. Well, totally shut them down.
Kate Sackton: It was sunburst. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's a good spell.
Kate Sackton: I thought so.
Tim Sackton: Sow the now crumbled remains of the 2 living statues before you.
Tim Sackton: you turn and proceed into the ruins of the
Tim Sackton: of this university itself the the. This seems to have been like the Hall
Tim Sackton: some scholarly hall, or something like that, but it's labeled
Tim Sackton: Faculty of Natural History, which is what
Tim Sackton: in Drankorian, which multiple of you can read which was what Minarath was from.
Kate Sackton: Would people who ended up around a 3rd of their hit points like sink their wounds.
David (he/him): I wouldn't be bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I would. Yeah, I'm into that.
Kate Sackton: Right so one for Robbie.
Mike Sackton: I still haven't taken any damage in drank war. I don't think not, since we fought our Clones.
Kate Sackton: That 39 is for wellbeing.
David (he/him): 39.
Kate Sackton: 36, for.
Eric Rosenbaum: 36, thank you.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: You proceed into the ruins.
Tim Sackton: And what do you do?
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we looking for? Again? We're looking for.
Tim Sackton: Some memento, some sign of this paranor scholar Minreth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Louis Nurman.
Tim Sackton: And don't know anything else about on the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Faculty of history.
Eric Rosenbaum: Botanical specimens. Is that what it was.
Kate Sackton: Specimens.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I look for plants.
Tim Sackton: I mean a lot growing everywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: Dot u.
Kate Sackton: But we don't get any vibes yet from like this building area is big enough that.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, I mean Kenzo, I guess. Kong stepped away. Yeah, Kenzo can. Kenzo can like sense.
Kate Sackton: Psychic connections to her soul, or something.
Tim Sackton: Psychic connections to his soul.
Tim Sackton: Faint and sort of in the northwestern corner of the second story of this building is intact, but it looks incredibly unstable.
Tim Sackton: There's like a tree growing up through the middle of the building.
Tim Sackton: The higher stories have collapsed, and you know, as you walk, it seems like every footstep is at risk of
Tim Sackton: the roof collapsing. But Kenzo points to the sort of northwest corner of the building.
Tim Sackton: and that's where he senses, a sort of emanation of of Minrith.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: So we go over to the northwest corner and are observant. There.
Tim Sackton: Who's going first? st
David (he/him): I'm probably going first, st being.
David S. Kong: I'm Franzo.
David (he/him): The statues.
David (he/him): What's the status? Right?
Tim Sackton: Okay. Make a I guess it's just a dexterity saving throw.
David S. Kong: For just just words.
Tim Sackton: Just just words.
David (he/him): That is literally the worst possible thing. I could roll on a deck.
Tim Sackton: There's
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Tim Sackton: While he's leading you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Mike Sackton: You could. Oh, no! You used your heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: You could. You could use bardic inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Let's, where is is this still on this map?
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, sorry you're you're yeah. Well, you. It's like, up the far end of this map into a building that's like the zoom background.
David (he/him): I would totally take Bardic inspiration. What! What's the dye.
Eric Rosenbaum: B, 12.
Mike Sackton: Just as an aside fontaboodling does last 10 min.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Well, you gain one temporary hit point, and then you lose.
David (he/him): Good.
Tim Sackton: 1020, 22 points of blessing damage as.
David (he/him): It's the.
Tim Sackton: Stepping forward, the roof collapses on top of him.
David (he/him): That's half damage from taking half damage on deck. Saves.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
David (he/him): Okay.
David (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: So 20, so 1111 halved.
Tim Sackton: though it was 22 halve to 11, so.
David (he/him): Sure, no.
Tim Sackton: Mostly jumps out of the way, but still.
David (he/him): This unstable.
Tim Sackton: As I said, like 30 seconds ago.
Mike Sackton: Are you okay?
Mike Sackton: The big roof.
David (he/him): Most of the damages to my pride. I feel like at this point. I really should have seen that coming, but
David (he/him): you know we don't.
Mike Sackton: Surprised you did it. To be honest.
David (he/him): Thank you, Delwith, that really helps build me up.
Kate Sackton: Did you astutely perceive anything before the roof collapsed on you.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, you haven't gotten to the room yet.
Tim Sackton: It.
Tim Sackton: This is just trying to navigate around the like unstable ceiling.
Tim Sackton: but now it's collapsed so you can crawl over the rubble and get to where you were trying to go.
David (he/him): Yep. Yep.
Kate Sackton: Here we go. We all clamber.
David (he/him): Way over the rubble.
Kate Sackton: He was.
Mike Sackton: Did it on purpose. You were just trying to make it easier right.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you reach what looks like. So a lot of the interior walls were probably wood, and have rotted long ago rotted away.
Tim Sackton: but there's still you know, little bits that are coming out of the exterior wall that make it look like this was a. This back corner was a row of offices, and the not the corner office, but one in from the
Tim Sackton: corner office is where Kenzo is leading you.
Tim Sackton: And again it's like completely overgrown. There's
Tim Sackton: there's like a layer of plants growing of vines growing up from the bottom.
Tim Sackton: But you do see that there is something glinting, some metallic thing glinting on the floor underneath.
Tim Sackton: partially buried in dirt and and plant material.
David (he/him): Yeah, I'll take a look. What? What is.
Tim Sackton: It is a small
Tim Sackton: It looks like sort of hand carved wood and metal bird about palm-sized.
Tim Sackton: very sort of elaborately made. You can see it was once painted. The paint is all worn away.
Tim Sackton: It's a it looks like it's basically like a dove or something like that. But the eyes and head are sort of inlaid with silver, and that's what you saw glinting. The rest of the body is carved out of marble.
Tim Sackton: There is what looks like a compartment on the bottom.
Mike Sackton: Apartment, like.
Tim Sackton: Like you could like a little.
Mike Sackton: And it's a.
Tim Sackton: It's like some slide open.
David (he/him): Check for traps and slide it open.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make an investigation check.
Tim Sackton: All right. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: No, no traps, although it is in sort of strangely good shape.
David (he/him): Magical situate. I'll sort of hold it up.
Mike Sackton: Is it magical?
Tim Sackton: Yes, it is magical, weak aura of transmutation, magic.
Mike Sackton: It's probably going to turn into something or turn you into something.
David (he/him): Do we find out?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David (he/him): Welby will open it.
Tim Sackton: A small rolled up scroll falls out like just a little piece of paper like
Tim Sackton: the size of your index finger, tightly worn.
Mike Sackton: Is the scroll, magic.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: What does it say?
Tim Sackton: It is what looks like A note written in elvish.
Tim Sackton: It is addressed to insert elvish name here.
David S. Kong: In, I said simerilian, but.
Tim Sackton: Somewhere and somewhere, I'll just yeah. Just open a random page of the similarion.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Tim Sackton: There we go. It's addressed to
Tim Sackton: This is too dense. I can't find anything.
Kate Sackton: It's all oldish names, string of letters.
Tim Sackton: No, it's like Maglor slew Erdel, who slew.
Mike Sackton: Magua is not a bad name.
David S. Kong: Baggler, roll bagler.
Tim Sackton: There we go, Magalar.
Tim Sackton: It's addressed to Maglar, I think. Actually, I had a character named Maglar
Tim Sackton: a long time ago in. Wasn't that that Npc. From our first, st but that that's no longer canon, so I can reuse it.
Mike Sackton: But also, you know, people can have the same names.
Tim Sackton: But remember, the whole thing was talking about about how tokens spent years ago.
Mike Sackton: Oaken is not necessarily the right, you know.
Tim Sackton: Not the mental.
Mike Sackton: Model that you want here.
Tim Sackton: It's addressed to Maglor.
Tim Sackton: And it it's it's written in this tight cramped hand.
Tim Sackton: and it's you know. I I hope I hope this message find you finds you
Tim Sackton: I am.
Tim Sackton: I am trusting to luck and this magic trinket
Tim Sackton: to bring this note to you.
Tim Sackton: I finally.
Tim Sackton: They're coming.
Tim Sackton: I can hide no longer.
Tim Sackton: I know not what will happen to me, but few, if any, of our people have survived the ashen cloaks.
Tim Sackton: I thought maybe my unimportance, for who really cares about the study of plants when down the hall
Tim Sackton: there is the study of great magics and fire, and the planes and the gods
Tim Sackton: that can reshape reality themselves.
Tim Sackton: But it was always the case. I guess.
Tim Sackton: that he would never let any of our people survive.
Tim Sackton: and I have nowhere left to flee.
Tim Sackton: Run if you can, manner F.
David S. Kong: Well, that's ominous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where it was, from.
Mike Sackton: Minrith. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: This. This is like clearly something connect, I mean, Kenzo is radiating the strong
Tim Sackton: soul, minerth soul aura. From this
Tim Sackton: both the bird trinket and this note itself.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Presumably the bird has some command word to turn into an actual bird and carry the trinket. Carry the message, but it never! It never made it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was never sent somehow.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: okay. Should we teleport to Tolin? Are we waiting for anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we get all of the clues we needed.
Mike Sackton: Don't we have all 7.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: We have the bird of the little bird token of Minerith. We have the
Mike Sackton: what the fireworks of the half wing right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The thing we found at the Customs House. I can't remember what it was of the.
Tim Sackton: Have been manufactured.
Mike Sackton: The shipping manifest of.
Tim Sackton: I do?
Mike Sackton: Of the foreigner person.
Tim Sackton: Hemet of Targu. You also have a coin that.
Mike Sackton: That.
Tim Sackton: Bergu, the Sword of the Wind.
Mike Sackton: Right we have.
Mike Sackton: And then those are the only weren't those the only 3 that we didn't have bios and faces of from the.
Tim Sackton: Oh, so here's I actually wrote, I finally wrote out the actual bios of the
Tim Sackton: of the 4 people which I'm gonna send
Tim Sackton: except I have to send them in chunks because.
Tim Sackton: and yeah. So you want to teleport to Tolan.
Mike Sackton: I think. What are we waiting for? Right.
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think we should
Mike Sackton: short rest before we go into the land of the dead. Perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, or maybe.
David S. Kong: Did we do anything else, though? We're just gonna let's keep going moving forward.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
David S. Kong: Later.
Mike Sackton: Step. One is, go to the land of the dead. Step 2 is
Mike Sackton: rainbow bridge to the, to the ship. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Wait. But aren't we good? Oh, where? Because the wait wait! Wait!
David (he/him): Oh!
David S. Kong: I sorry we already have the dagger.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah. The deck is with us. So, okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Let's make sure we're on the same page of this plan before we execute.
Mike Sackton: But I think the plan is, step One, teleport to Tolan. Go because.
David (he/him): We.
Mike Sackton: How do we get to the land of the dead again?
Tim Sackton: Has plane shift.
Mike Sackton: Oh, but we need a recent.
Tim Sackton: Using the material components, that is, the body of a soul, of a person whose soul is on the plane of the dead.
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? So we go to Tolin. We find a morgue or some other, you know, recently dead person. We politely ask if we can use their body and soul in a terrible magical ritual that will save the world.
Mike Sackton: We then cast plane shift, who has a 7th level. Briswind has a 7th level slot for plane. Shift right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, community.
Mike Sackton: Kate's on mute, but I think she's saying yes.
Kate Sackton: I am. I'm saying, I know I'm on mute. Yeah, I think I
Kate Sackton: yes, I saved my 7th level.
Mike Sackton: Then we plane shift to the land of the dead. We have our 7 mementos. So we
Mike Sackton: some in the the 7 people and
Mike Sackton: do something. Basically, we coax them out of the dagger is that that's the basic idea.
Mike Sackton: If I remember correctly.
Tim Sackton: That's your understanding. Yes.
Mike Sackton: How we do that. We're just gonna have to play by ear, but I'm sure it'll be obvious, and there won't be any trouble or difficulty whatsoever.
Mike Sackton: That will then shatter the dagger, at which point we're stuck on the plane of the dead.
David S. Kong: Then we railroad bridge back to the ship until Falcon.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
David S. Kong: Right.
Mike Sackton: And then we fly the ship back to Drankor, and.
David S. Kong: And kill a polyon.
Mike Sackton: And kill a polyad.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: That does suggest we might want a long rest
Mike Sackton: before we go to the Land of the Dead.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we do it in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right. I mean.
David S. Kong: Is there a chance between the land? Oh, no, no, we can't, we can't. But we probably don't want a long rest in the land of the dead.
Mike Sackton: Hi.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not recommended. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Hopefully, not.
Mike Sackton: Because it's.
David S. Kong: Pretty much landed the dead straight into like armed combat with Fausto. Right? So.
Mike Sackton: The problem is, are we worried about giving everybody extra time? But I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what we can do about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: We were. I mean, we need spells right? We can't bite Fosta without spells.
Mike Sackton: I mean, dealeth will be okay.
Mike Sackton: That'll be fine.
Mike Sackton: Rizwyn and Seeker probably need their aren't gonna burn all your 7th and 8th level spells on this plan. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we need our beauty sleep to make it work.
David S. Kong: But but like right now, do you have slots, or do you need slot? Do you need slots now like we need to go rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm okay. Now.
David (he/him): So we need to rest first, st or do we need to rest after.
Mike Sackton: I think we go to Tolin and rest in Toland.
David S. Kong: Wait. But if they if they're already good now then, why don't we just go tolling straight to Atlanta like we can't.
Mike Sackton: We can't get off the land of the dead
Mike Sackton: without using plane ship without using.
Mike Sackton: Our plan is to go from the land of the dead straight back to the ginger. Sharna.
David S. Kong: Yeah, with rainbow bridge.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, yeah.
Mike Sackton: So we want all of our high level spells to be restored before we go to the land of the dead.
David S. Kong: Exactly. But but they're just saying that's what I'm asking is, how many do we need to sleep right now before do we do? We have the slots or not.
Mike Sackton: We have the slots to get to Toland. But sorry. Go ahead, Kate.
David S. Kong: No, I see.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we need one of those. And then I'm gonna have one that I'm missing because I'm gonna get us the land of the dead with plane shift. But that's better than me missing both my 8th and 7th level spells loss because I.
Mike Sackton: That's you know how Rizwyn, like trashed the bad guys in the last fight.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that was her 8th level spell.
David S. Kong: Alright. We need that. Yeah, we need that.
Mike Sackton: We want that back.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay, what about what about a seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: I have my 8th and 7, th but you have lots available.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I'll use the yeah one.
David S. Kong: Alright. Okay, let's long grass. Let's long.
Mike Sackton: I think it's fine. We and like that gives that we can long rest in tool. And maybe we can find we can.
Mike Sackton: How
Mike Sackton: you guys rest, get your beauty sleep deal with doesn't need much sleep. I'll try and find somebody to help the Dunmari.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you both resistance while we all rest. That's good.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's.
David S. Kong: 7 h, little 7 h quest. Wait. Does he wait? Does so so does deal with. Never have to long rest.
Mike Sackton: well, I have very, I mean I only have 1st and Second Level Sorcerer spells which are worth getting back, but not that important.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Everything else comes back on a short rest.
Mike Sackton: so in general I could keep going on short rests pretty much forever. Like Kenzel. Your key comes back.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, let's say.
Mike Sackton: Same.
Tim Sackton: I mean, still hit points, but.
Mike Sackton: Hit points. I haven't taken any damage, though.
David S. Kong: Gonna damage your.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll need more healing, too.
Mike Sackton: Well, long rest will get you all your hit points back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You teleport? Where in Toland are you teleporting to.
Mike Sackton: What do you? What do you? What did you take a piece of by accident seeker when you were last in Poland?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the
Eric Rosenbaum: The little welcome card from the philosopher philosophers, guild.
Tim Sackton: In California, the lobby of the philosophers.
Mike Sackton: Sure? Why not.
Tim Sackton: I love it.
David (he/him): Hey? Can we pause for like 3 min? I gotta grab some dinner and bring it back down. This is a good moment.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, definitely, everybody else read the biographies because they may be relevant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Be right back, and then you will appear in the lobby of the philosopher's game.
David S. Kong: What I miss.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Schwartz, going to get some food.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure, we're taking a quick break where she's getting food. Told us to read the biographies.
Kate Sackton: And Laurier.
Mike Sackton: Because there's clues in the biographies.
David S. Kong: Damn it!
David S. Kong: So much reading.
Kate Sackton: What you get when your DM. Has chat, Gpt to write him.
David S. Kong: Damn it! Chat gpt.
Kate Sackton: Activity.
David S. Kong: Where's Chatgp? Comprehend?
Kate Sackton: Well posted.
Mike Sackton: Back into Chat Gpt, and say.
Mike Sackton: what are the clues? Is the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or use notebook. Lm. To have it generate just a deep dive.
Tim Sackton: Paste it into Chat Gpt, and say, what's the most important information from this? Like 200 words my DM. Wrote that I could probably be, you know, make myself read. If I really wanted to.
David S. Kong: What's the strife?
Mike Sackton: We don't know.
Tim Sackton: I wrote a whole timeline of the fall of Drankor into Polyon's authoritarian rule.
Tim Sackton: All sorts of things.
Mike Sackton: Should have read. I should have read get. When all the secrets were open.
Tim Sackton: It's not. It's in my DM notes. It's not in the.
Kate Sackton: Did he tell you about that, or did you notice it? Somehow?
Mike Sackton: He told me. I mean I didn't look. I mean any secret that you committed to get.
Mike Sackton: You didn't. If you didn't rewrite history, it's still in the git repo. I could get it back. But
Mike Sackton: oh, you did. Okay, not that I would. I would. I don't want to know the secrets.
Mike Sackton: hey? We know. Fight us, Lucaris.
Mike Sackton: don't we have their wait! Wait, wait! Don't we have the book of one of these things? What is the book that we have.
Tim Sackton: A culta lutum.
Mike Sackton: No, didn't we have something else? No, I've heard fight us with Charis before.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they were the people who
Tim Sackton: you have a sending stone of theirs.
Tim Sackton: They were the ones they were the organization that like tried to go free. The trapped elemental at the.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: Forge at the forge, that who failed.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: let's see, Tolan was.
Tim Sackton: When were you in Toland?
Mike Sackton: That long ago.
Kate Sackton: When I was blessing the Orc City.
Tim Sackton: 75.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Probably about 3 months ago.
Tim Sackton: I just have to find the session number, because I have all my zoom backgrounds organized by session number.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice!
Tim Sackton: So you appear.
Tim Sackton: Let's see if I still have some tolling music somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Do we? Do we think the philosophers guild could give us any useful information.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we have to trade them an item. If I recall correctly.
Eric Rosenbaum: do we have any magic items we're willing to part with.
Mike Sackton: Hey? Don't we have tons.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we have tons of items.
Tim Sackton: In on Vindersharna.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Crap!
Mike Sackton: What about this little ancient bird?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! This is.
Tim Sackton: You need. You need that for the momentum.
Mike Sackton: I thought we just needed the No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scroll.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, that's true. You could. You could go with just the note that's up to you.
David (he/him): We should know what it does before we give it away, though right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's just a delivery.
Mike Sackton: Pretty sure it just turns into a bird and flies around.
Eric Rosenbaum: The problem is, the philosophers guild is pretty snooty about.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but it's super, old.
Eric Rosenbaum: Items.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if they'd be interested in.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're old. No, that's true, right.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: At the moment you now find yourself all standing discussing this in the courtyard.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Guild standing outside. It's
Tim Sackton: so it's currently may. So you've gone from the oppressive heat
Tim Sackton: and reign of the jungle to Pleasant spring day.
Tim Sackton: a warm, gentle breeze blowing from the green sea.
Tim Sackton: The the sort of strange magic of the philosopher's Guild garden that makes the streets seem
Tim Sackton: sounds of the street seem somewhat distant and far away, encases you in a
Tim Sackton: in a sort of zone of peace.
Tim Sackton: You hear the birds singing.
Mike Sackton: I could give him. I'll give him my old rod of the pact to keeper
Mike Sackton: the creepy one from watch me's.
David (he/him): What about the.
Mike Sackton: Use for that.
David (he/him): What about the watcher's dagger from
David (he/him): The country to the east of here.
Tim Sackton: Ersk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, yeah, we have an armband of shamut that I don't know that we have any use for.
Mike Sackton: Ow, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could just pile them with a bunch of stuff and tell them. But we need your answers in 12 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the thing. They're a little slow, these guys.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if they'd work quickly, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: For us, maybe.
Mike Sackton: We could ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyone.
Mike Sackton: For speed, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we want to ask them about.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, what I was going to say is what information.
Eric Rosenbaum: Usability.
Kate Sackton: If you have.
Mike Sackton: The land of the Dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there you go!
Eric Rosenbaum: We may want to be a little prepared about what even happens. There.
Mike Sackton: Maybe something basic like, are there any dangers to mortals going to the land of the dead?
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you recommend?
David S. Kong: And Kazo's been the last of the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's right.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's like friends with one of the protectors of the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David S. Kong: So best best practices for the homies, like, you know, pack light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ow.
David S. Kong: Sandwich, like.
Tim Sackton: The biggest, the the main.
Tim Sackton: I mean from your time you spent Kenzo spent like 3 or 4 days after
Tim Sackton: healing Motua, like just sort of tending to the jungle and stuff.
Tim Sackton: By far. The biggest thing is.
Tim Sackton: don't spend a lot of time there
Tim Sackton: like the longer the living spend on the land of the dead, the higher the chance they cannot return.
David S. Kong: Yeah, sadly know, we all had wanted a longer stay. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And also do not disturb the other thing. So the the
Tim Sackton: Motua was one of these. Giardi Giardi, who are like the guardian. There's some extra. They're extraplanar creatures that are not associated with any
Tim Sackton: god or demon, or any of the outer planes. And they are the guardians. That's what grosh fought.
Tim Sackton: and they are the guardians, and they serve to keep anybody from interfering with souls.
Tim Sackton: So not just.
Tim Sackton: you know, to keep the like, you know, devils from trying to steal souls from the land of the dead, but also to keep like gods from trying to rescue the souls who were promised to hell or something like that.
Tim Sackton: but don't interfere.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we have a.
Mike Sackton: Fairly large number of magic items.
Mike Sackton: I mean, a lot of them are not that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So let's you know, move it along here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Think we should.
Mike Sackton: I think we should ask the Philosophers Guild, if they can work quickly.
Mike Sackton: Let's just go in 1st step. Go into the Philosopher's Guild. We're standing outside. Let's walk in.
Kate Sackton: Barter and say we'd like to ask one question. We will give you
Kate Sackton: one very nice magical item, but if you can work fast we'll give you 3.
Mike Sackton: Basically, we'll overpay. But we need the answers by dawn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And if you can't give us answers by dawn, it doesn't help us. We're leaving.
Tim Sackton: You step into the Philosopher's Guild, and it's similar to what you saw before. It's like so it's
Tim Sackton: it's mid afternoon, right? It's 2 30 in the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: There doesn't seem to be a lot of traffic at the moment. There's rarely a lot of traffic. There is a few
Tim Sackton: people, one sort of middle-aged woman and one older man in white robes, members of the guild.
Tim Sackton: one who greets you as you come in. There's 1 table where a couple people are sitting and talking, and that's the nature of this place. You can't, even though you're standing close to them. You can't hear what they're talking about, or really
Tim Sackton: who it is.
Tim Sackton: The middle-aged woman who greets you kind of looks you over a few times interesting interestedly, and asks.
Tim Sackton: Well, what are you seeking?
Tim Sackton: What could you possibly be seeking.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've done business here before, but this time we're in a hurry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any way to get an answer? By dawn
Eric Rosenbaum: we have good things to trade.
Tim Sackton: An answer to what?
Eric Rosenbaum: I turned to my companions.
Tim Sackton: Come, sit, let us at least have some tea while you tell me she motions you. I know of you. Of course I've spoken to Delios.
Mike Sackton: We are. We have business on the land of the dead
Mike Sackton: in the land of the dead. Tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Not a sentence that has often been spoken in this world.
Mike Sackton: And our
Mike Sackton: question, our business involves
Mike Sackton: souls who are have been imprisoned.
Mike Sackton: being returned to their natural state, and being free in the land of the dead
Mike Sackton: to go on to their fates.
Mike Sackton: And our question, I guess, is twofold what dangers await
Mike Sackton: mortals on the land of the dead?
Mike Sackton: And, second, what.
Mike Sackton: what would aid, what, what
Mike Sackton: what would coax a soul to its rightful place?
Mike Sackton: What would, what would bring a soul out to the land of the dead?
Kate Sackton: Help it, find its place.
Mike Sackton: Oh, there you go! Thank you. Thank you. Risalyn.
Mike Sackton: searching for the words. What would help a soul find its place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Mike Sackton: And we would we depart at dawn
Mike Sackton: for the land of the dead. So we are
Mike Sackton: greatly interested in whatever answers can be provided, but only
Mike Sackton: if they can be provided before our appointed hour.
Mike Sackton: Are we willing to give up the watches? Dagger? We are right.
David (he/him): I think so.
Mike Sackton: What about the Frostbrand? Greatsword, red, capturous, is hard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
David (he/him): So.
David (he/him): I'll take out.
Mike Sackton: What's up? Let's.
David (he/him): I think, start with one of those.
David (he/him): let them, but I also wonder if, like, if they really are dragons, they may also just be interested that Brigamdras is dead.
David (he/him): I've got all that.
Mike Sackton: True today.
Mike Sackton: Do they ever trade for information or only magic.
Tim Sackton: Nobody has ever. You've never heard any rumors of them trading free.
Mike Sackton: I'll start, I mean, we'll take out. To begin with the
Mike Sackton: I'll look at Welby. I'll gesture to Welby.
David (he/him): We have.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps.
David (he/him): Oh, go ahead. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps an offer you would be.
David (he/him): Well, I was gonna try and and sell it a little bit, you know, from the closed cities to the East this magnificent dagger.
David (he/him): and he'll pull it out and set it on the table and say, you know what this is. I assume.
Mike Sackton: And Delith will add to the collection the
Mike Sackton: Cadmos is brought of the pack keeper, which I'd actually like to get rid of, but I won't say that
Tim Sackton: Kind of rubs her hands together a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Touches each item briefly. Kind of looks up at you 12 h.
Tim Sackton: Must ask, do not know if such a thing is possible.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: Course we understand. If it cannot be done.
David (he/him): If it can be done, this will pay for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And always go across the street to the ontologist guild.
Mike Sackton: What's it? Gonna.
David (he/him): Take to get us into the land of the dead tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: This is not bad.
Tim Sackton: Have you heard.
Mike Sackton: Have you heard of the Dragon Regemdras.
David (he/him): Is there anything from their horde that you particularly are interested in.
Tim Sackton: This is not my specialty.
Tim Sackton: Dragons, name sounds familiar.
Mike Sackton: Shabbat's daughter.
Tim Sackton: Yes, some rumor of that. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Does information ever pique your curiosity?
Tim Sackton: No real need of information.
Tim Sackton: There is nothing you could tell me that I cannot learn.
David (he/him): No!
David (he/him): Oh.
Mike Sackton: As an aside. That's interesting information.
Mike Sackton: Just.
David S. Kong: What is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh!
Mike Sackton: Claim that they could learn anything that we could know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
David (he/him): Isn't the circular island like totally screened and shielded, and impossible to get to in every way like.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they may be a little arrogant, but also they play the long games you.
Tim Sackton: How do you know she's telling the truth right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think they know everything.
Mike Sackton: Does antiquity interest you at all?
Mike Sackton: Our older items.
Tim Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: Or.
Tim Sackton: She sort of waves her hand. It is not a matter of convincing me. Let me let me speak.
Tim Sackton: My colleagues for a moment.
Mike Sackton: Of course, of course.
Tim Sackton: Just be patient.
Tim Sackton: She gets up and she goes off.
David (he/him): Patient or one weakness.
Tim Sackton: 1015, 2030 min passes, an hour passes.
Mike Sackton: A lot of patience.
Tim Sackton: An hour and a half she comes
Tim Sackton: like you've been served teas and stuff.
Tim Sackton: She sits down. It's highly unusual, but it can be done.
Tim Sackton: There are conditions.
Mike Sackton: We're listening.
Tim Sackton: Where are you staying tonight.
Kate Sackton: The nearest inn.
Mike Sackton: We have no idea. We know tons of people, though.
David (he/him): Yeah, or or in town.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: we'll stay. We'll be staying. I mean, I'm going to go. I want to talk to the Elven Ambassador.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: But but I'm going to wander around while these guys are resting.
Mike Sackton: Just well, some we must.
Tim Sackton: We know some ins we'll pick an in, and in we know.
David S. Kong: By the way, I did have Chat Gpt analyze the text that Tim gave us.
Mike Sackton: What it is.
Tim Sackton: Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: Fantastic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't read it.
Mike Sackton: Let's do the breakout room without Tim.
Tim Sackton: So here's what she says.
Tim Sackton: this is what will happen if you would like to make the deal.
Tim Sackton: Do not know exactly at what time the information will arrive.
Tim Sackton: but a messenger will be sent will come here immediately.
Tim Sackton: We will provide a private room where you will strip.
Tim Sackton: change into robes we provide. Bring no items, no magic, nothing of your possession, with you.
Tim Sackton: You will follow me to another room.
Tim Sackton: where you will be able to speak
Tim Sackton: and hear, but not see whom you are communicating with.
Tim Sackton: and you will be able to ask them questions concerning topic of your inquiry.
Tim Sackton: These conditions are acceptable. We'll take the items and make the arrangement.
Mike Sackton: Sure.
David (he/him): Insight check like I'm
David (he/him): this is either like very practical and makes sense and works with their system, or they're being played right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we might get robbed.
David S. Kong: Wait, but sorry, but just like again, like, why, what's what? What are we.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, they're letting us talk to the supercomputer.
Mike Sackton: but we can't bring in any devices because we might discover what the supercomputer is.
Mike Sackton: It's like the man behind the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, they're more like getting to talk to the dragon or whatever who actually is. The like brain
Eric Rosenbaum: was, Yeah.
David S. Kong: Many. What are? How many questions do we have? What are? What are our top questions?
Mike Sackton: That's a good question. How long is this conversation?
David (he/him): 26 insight is that? Is she on the level like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she's like a little nervous, but it's more of a like
Tim Sackton: you don't really do this like kind of thing. Not like she's trying. I mean, she definitely seems on the level. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: How long will we have with this.
Tim Sackton: Are as discussed.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You would like to know advice about traveling to the land of the dead, and how to restore souls
Tim Sackton: to their.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Phone fence.
Tim Sackton: While you are there. You will have some minutes to speak on these topics.
Tim Sackton: but only these topics. Any questions that stray from these topics will not be answered.
Kate Sackton: Will our possessions be guaranteed to be safe from outside influence? During this time.
Mike Sackton: I assume we're not all gonna go.
Kate Sackton: Okay, paying guard. The stuff.
Mike Sackton: Because I think there's 1 of our possessions we're not wetting out of our possession. Tory state.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's kind of how I was feeling.
Kate Sackton: That's a smart solution, though. Noah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You agree?
Kate Sackton: If she agrees to let one of us
Kate Sackton: keep our stuff and not go in.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's no obligation for all of us to attend this meeting. Is there?
Tim Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: Okay, just making that statement.
David S. Kong: I should probably go. I've actually been to the land of Dead.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Option.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Makes the rider, the pack keeper, and and the watcher's dagger.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And goes off.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: A few things we want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Mike Sackton: Find a dead. I mean, we need to find our dead person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Which I imagine, isn't that hard? But we still have to do it. I want to go talk to the Elven Ambassador, who, I had a decent relationship with, and see if
Mike Sackton: he has any ideas on helping with Dunmari.
Mike Sackton: Is there anybody else who we think might be able to help the Darmari here
Mike Sackton: the scare probably not right. They kind of owe us. But.
Mike Sackton: oh, Dolos could go talk to the Centaur.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lady romantically.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean as what happened with Kenzo and.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, you should go talk to.
Tim Sackton: What's her name? Are you guys like spelled.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, I got, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Got a lady in this town.
David S. Kong: I do have a lady in the sound. Yeah, no.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Tattoo, like the priestess at the top. The.
Mike Sackton: The other.
Mike Sackton: I was mildly tempted to go talk to was Kaylin the Fae.
Mike Sackton: But I don't know if that's a good idea.
David (he/him): Really don't know if it's a good idea. I do really enjoy talking with them.
Mike Sackton: Right like it sounds like a really fun. Terrible idea.
Mike Sackton: T.
Kate Sackton: Seeker. Did you meet me?
Kate Sackton: Relevant dwarves around here.
Mike Sackton: Wait. She wasn't from cloud spinners. Realm right.
Tim Sackton: No, she was from West, from Dreamhaven.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I kind of almost would want to go ask her if she knows of any of Cloud Spinner's Allies
Mike Sackton: anywhere.
Mike Sackton: T.
Mike Sackton: But that could go badly.
Mike Sackton: but I mean we could do it anyway.
Mike Sackton: She wanted to steal our memories last time, I think right.
Mike Sackton: But what was the deal with the last time we talked to her.
Mike Sackton: Do you.
Tim Sackton: We give her a.
Mike Sackton: Book, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: Gave her sneakers legendary gates of Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: She? She asked you for stories
Tim Sackton: kind of with the implication that she wanted to steal them, and Seeker offered the book instead.
Mike Sackton: I just I wonder how she'd react with just a straightforward we're in a tearing hurry. Stop your games. We have information that will shake the entire Feywild.
Mike Sackton: Do you want to know it?
David (he/him): What do we want from her in return.
Mike Sackton: Allies of Cloud Spinner, who might be willing to fight the
Mike Sackton: Dunmar, the the jailite zombies in Dunmar in exchange, you know.
Mike Sackton: on the theory that it's helpful to.
Mike Sackton: It's a bit of a tenuous connection, which is why I'm not sure it's worth it. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: They would just come with us to the ship.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Help free the cloud spinner.
David (he/him): Do we, Russ, like any commitment whatsoever at all that we would get from them, though, like.
Mike Sackton: Allies of Cloudspinner. I trust I think.
David (he/him): Yeah, but this Faye isn't an ally of.
Mike Sackton: No, she's not. But she might be willing to name names in exchange for finding out that Cloud Spinner is.
David (he/him): Right right. But like, how do we know the names that she would name.
Mike Sackton: Bullshit. I don't know, because they don't.
David (he/him): Right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, because we'd be trusting her to make a bargain in good faith.
David (he/him): Yeah, which we don't have a great track record with with Fay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: Wait!
Mike Sackton: Well, she did. She made a bargain in good faith last time, mostly.
David (he/him): Yeah, I don't know. We'll be suspicious of it. Still.
Tim Sackton: So what are you? Gonna what what are you gonna do?
Kate Sackton: Can Faye be summoned by Planar, ally, Ally.
Kate Sackton: Like I can celestials and themes.
Tim Sackton: You could summon a.
Kate Sackton: Like if we named a name, could I just sort of Planar, ally them into our presence to like work with us?
Kate Sackton: Because that's the other question is like, if she names names, how does that actually help us?
Kate Sackton: Do we send them a note with our bird?
Tim Sackton: Planar Ally is more like you you need. It would be like Cloud Spinner. Please help me, and Cloud Spinner would send one of their allies.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: You can't like directly summon a
Tim Sackton: while. You can actually request a specific creature's name.
Tim Sackton: but you might get a different creature.
Kate Sackton: I'm just trying to see whether Dallas plan
Kate Sackton: would be more viable if I was trying to like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Nudge it in a certain direction.
Kate Sackton: But again, that's another high, level spell that.
Mike Sackton: Well, we're resting so. But.
Tim Sackton: I never read this spell before.
Eric Rosenbaum: If.
Tim Sackton: You're willing to burn 10,000 gold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Tim Sackton: You could just summon a Planar Ally, and say, Go, take care of the Celeste of the
Tim Sackton: you could summon a celestial directly. Go, take care of the Shadow Creatures.
Kate Sackton: Yes, that's true.
Kate Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: We could just.
Kate Sackton: Like right now, I could just 6 level spell.
Mike Sackton: So I'm gonna point her ally.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's not a bad idea.
Mike Sackton: We have plenty of money.
David (he/him): Are we going to spend it on.
Kate Sackton: Can't upcast it, though. Huh?
Kate Sackton: A.
Tim Sackton: You can always spend a higher level slot on a lower level spell. It just doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't, anyway.
Tim Sackton: And he looked back.
Kate Sackton: Okay. But
Kate Sackton: I just don't currently have a 6 level slot. I saved my 7th level slot. But if I'm gonna get it back I can use my 7th level slot again tomorrow, so I could use a 7th level slot today. I mean, I don't actually have planner out.
Mike Sackton: I think I think we probably I I think, probably both Meta in the interest of time, and practically in the interest of it, being a bit too esoterically connected.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Lost. I don't know. Maybe even telling Kaylin about the cloud Spitter will backfire on us. That's probably the most likely scenario is. It'll end up being a let's just let's just leave it. Let's I just want to talk to the Elven Ambassador.
Tim Sackton: Okay, does anybody else want to do anything else before?
Tim Sackton: During the night.
Mike Sackton: Well, I assume we're gonna go find a dead body, an appropriate dead body that we can use.
Tim Sackton: Somebody has to go find a dead body.
Kate Sackton: Is there anyone besides deal with who doesn't need
Kate Sackton: full long rest? No, we're all taking a full long rest.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Well, that Kenzo doesn't. I can short rest. I've already got full hit points, and I just need short rest to get my key back. I can go find a dead body. I mean, it feels more like a
David S. Kong: I don't know. Feels more like a dealt with. Kind of thing to go, do, but you know but I'm happy to go. Do it.
Kate Sackton: What does that mean? Exactly.
David S. Kong: I don't know. It's just like, if you're just like kinda go find a dead body. Who would you? You know.
David (he/him): The common stereotype of elves stealing dead bodies.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I see.
David S. Kong: Well, Welby can help me.
David S. Kong: Do you need? Do you need long grass? Welby?
Tim Sackton: Everybody's gonna get along right.
Mike Sackton: It's 3 in the afternoon. You have plenty of time to go find a dead body.
David S. Kong: Oh, the one! Why am I doing by myself? Does somebody else come with me?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you guys can.
Kate Sackton: Always find a dead body.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I, thought, well.
Kate Sackton: Activity before we can eat dinner.
David S. Kong: Alright! Let's all go together.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm going to go talk to the Elven Ambassador and try and help the Denmark. But you guys go find a dead body.
David (he/him): Yeah, let's let's get about it. We'll find a body.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: If not, we'll make one.
Mike Sackton: See, I knew you could do it, Kenza.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you talk to the I mean.
David S. Kong: This is what I learned from the elf.
Tim Sackton: It's not.
Tim Sackton: It's not that difficult to find a dead body. I mean, you just need somebody who died within the last week. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, doesn't have to be fresh. It doesn't even have to be that fresh.
Tim Sackton: But what's your so the most, the most obvious place to look is a temple.
Tim Sackton: right? Yeah, like just the body of somebody who died and who is being prepared for funeral.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So what's your pitch?
David S. Kong: But we need the body.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We're hanging on.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, this is.
Kate Sackton: Gold.
Tim Sackton: It's the material component of the spell. It doesn't get
Tim Sackton: damaged in any way. But you need to have the body next to you when you cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which.
David S. Kong: Body? Does the body just.
Mike Sackton: Cast a spell in the temple.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can just cast it in the temple. There's no no.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, just explain to one of the priests that we need to.
Kate Sackton: Follow.
Kate Sackton: The land of the.
Mike Sackton: That we are tracking some undead.
Mike Sackton: and in order to defeat this undead, we need to
Mike Sackton: cast a spell over a recently dead body, and then we will be on our way, and everything will. They won't notice us anymore.
Mike Sackton: And could we borrow a body.
David S. Kong: This feels like a dealt with. Kind of ask.
David S. Kong: He's got all the charisma and stuff.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I could come do it. It's fine. We played.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yes. Make a precision check.
David S. Kong: There we go!
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Mike Sackton: Find my character sheet. Hold on.
Tim Sackton: With advantage, because there's a bunch of you helping out.
Mike Sackton: 90.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there, I mean, they're a bit
Tim Sackton: taken aback, but also sort of in awe of the raw power demonstrated by the
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 or 4 of you, however, many are going, and although
Tim Sackton: won't let you take the body, certainly have no objection to you
Tim Sackton: coming and casting a spell here as long as it doesn't harm the soul of the deceased.
David S. Kong: Which we can process or.
Mike Sackton: We can promise that now our our souls are the only ones at risk.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then you speak to the oven. Ambassador.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Everybody else takes a long rest.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: So Melondeer is.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he's certainly sympathetic to the cause. Promises to send a message.
Tim Sackton: There's it's a long way from Oren. Loss to done so far.
Tim Sackton: long gone are the days of elves, you know, teleporting around the world or transiting via the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: but he doesn't know how much.
Tim Sackton: doesn't know how much aid they'll be able to send for. Sure.
Tim Sackton: And of course, you know, or, unless, has always, since
Tim Sackton: the fall of isn't gay, always been quite reclusive.
Tim Sackton: and most of its martial energy has gone to defending its borders with the plaguelands.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: I mean the other, there's actually less. A direct ask is to send elves. But like, is there anybody
Mike Sackton: any anything? I mean? I'll explain to him without getting into all the details about all Polyon, that after.
Tim Sackton: Just
Tim Sackton: I mean the closest allies possibly are the Stoneborn, who live in the mountains.
Mike Sackton: It's a good idea. Do we have any way of getting a oh, Jacquaint, let's do ascending to Drakaut.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh!
Kate Sackton: Do I know? It required.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Wasn't Riswyn.
Tim Sackton: Does not know Drakaut, but sending only requires.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, they they change sending. And you don't need to. You just need a good description. You don't need to actually have met the guy.
Tim Sackton: You need to. Somebody who met them has to describe them to you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. That's a great idea. Let's send for Drakaut.
Mike Sackton: See if he can get anybody down.
Mike Sackton: And the next day, you know. See if they can.
Mike Sackton: That's like right up his. And he he is. Didn't he like?
Mike Sackton: Join the Shakun Mistai.
Tim Sackton: He did, he would totally go, help!
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Center. Cod. Brilliant idea. Thanks, Bellindeer. We actually know a stone. I'll tell them I actually know a stoneborn near there. I just didn't think of that.
Tim Sackton: So you send a message to Cod, and he is perfectly happy to and.
Mike Sackton: I won't.
Mike Sackton: I'll also just tell Melandir to if.
Kate Sackton: Refugees from Toka make it that far or anything.
Mike Sackton: No, I I want to warn him. I'm not sure exactly how to phrase this, but I want to warn him that if that if we don't succeed
Mike Sackton: like some really bad things might start happening.
Mike Sackton: and like also not to trust.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I feel like if things go wrong, we're gonna be like possessed by a polyon and come back to like kill everybody we know, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: I just want it in his head that maybe, like, you know.
Mike Sackton: he should be preparing for for
Mike Sackton: the elves should be preparing for a terrible calamity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, tell them about the simulacre troubles that we had.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I'll tell them about this. And Walker, I'll tell them about you know what?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm just gonna you know what the elves need to know. I'm going to tell them that Apollyon is about to break free, and that we're going to stop him.
Mike Sackton: But if we fail, a pilot will be back, and the elves need to know.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And we don't have time to go back to Ornwas, but get a message to what's her name?
Tim Sackton: Rs, day.
Mike Sackton: Reste. She knows our quest, and and the next couple we're going to
Mike Sackton: the land of the dead in the morning to destroy his flag tree, and then back to drink or to destroy him
Mike Sackton: immediately after, and
Mike Sackton: If it goes badly
Mike Sackton: he will be loose on the world again, and probably be controlling us in some fashion.
Mike Sackton: and to get word to the elves of this.
Mike Sackton: these dangers to the trusted people in the elfin blah blah blah.
Tim Sackton: He takes us all in, and promises to send the news, and wishes you luck, and
Tim Sackton: goes like in his office, and and roots around a little bit and pulls out.
Tim Sackton: A small crystal vial.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if this will do any good where you're going.
Tim Sackton: It's a protection against charm.
Mike Sackton: My, I appreciate it.
Tim Sackton: All, I have to offer little use for it here.
Mike Sackton: Okay, great.
Mike Sackton: Thankfully.
Tim Sackton: Charms, but I know you travel with companions who may not have your existences.
Mike Sackton: It's it's just resistance, not immunity.
Tim Sackton: It's just advantage against savings charm for an hour. It's basically.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: There are.
Mike Sackton: My companions could benefit.
Tim Sackton: Kind of, you know.
Tim Sackton: looks into your eyes and like shakes your hand and wishes you luck, and then you go as
Tim Sackton: you hear the message from Welby
Tim Sackton: like what 8 this is. Evening. Right? I guess.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's about 8 o'clock.
Tim Sackton: Philosopher's guild says, come now.
Kate Sackton: At night or in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Fucking Nate.
Mike Sackton: So who's going? Kenzo's going?
Mike Sackton: Wait! Am I at mountaineers when this happens.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so dealt with is not going.
Tim Sackton: No no welby.
Mike Sackton: No, I could go from Melondeer.
Tim Sackton: To go from mountain chances.
Mike Sackton: Anybody who wants to stay. Brisbane, do you want? I don't know who wants to stay behind.
Kate Sackton: I don't care. Go ahead, talk your voice.
Kate Sackton: I can guard things.
David (he/him): We'll meet up and load everything to the portable hole, and.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah. Let's go.
Tim Sackton: Penzo Darwest and eager. Who's going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think everybody but Risalyn right.
Tim Sackton: Everybody but Resmond is coming.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: So you arrive the at the Philosophers Guild.
Tim Sackton: and it's it's night, and it's quiet and you're
Tim Sackton: You're led into the it into the
Tim Sackton: same tea room, and then taken back through a hallway and and left in a a small
Tim Sackton: room with with 5 white robes hanging sized
Tim Sackton: 2 for dwarves, 2 for humans, one for halflings.
Tim Sackton: And she the same middle-aged woman shuts the door, and then says, you know, please change.
Tim Sackton: Bring nothing with you.
Tim Sackton: Your possessions will be safe in this room.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And when you are ready, follow me. I'll be waiting outside the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Yeah.
David (he/him): No.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So you walk through the sort of marble hallway and you come to a small room.
Tim Sackton: That has a let's see.
Tim Sackton: Try this small room that's completely dark.
Tim Sackton: There's no light at all dark even to your dark vision. Adjusted eyes.
Mike Sackton: Even the devil's say you can see through.
Tim Sackton: Not to devil's sight.
Tim Sackton: it's a it's a small room, and she
Tim Sackton: leads you and sits you down on a bench.
Tim Sackton: There's no, there's there's just walls.
Tim Sackton: There's the one bench, and then she says, I apologize, but just
Tim Sackton: out of an abundance of caution she goes, and she blindfolds each one of you.
Tim Sackton: and then she steps out of the room.
David S. Kong: Lips out of the way.
Mike Sackton: So she leaves the.
Tim Sackton: Outside of the room, leaving you there.
Mike Sackton: So tempting to cheat and try and see what this thing is. But anyway.
Tim Sackton: Nothing happens for a few minutes.
Tim Sackton: and then you feel a wave of heat, and you hear a voice beat your questions.
Mike Sackton: What!
Mike Sackton: What dangers do mortals face in the land of the dead?
Tim Sackton: And each minute that power brings you closer and closer to death.
Tim Sackton: Those who sleep there rarely return.
Tim Sackton: The very essence of the land wears on you.
Tim Sackton: You forget your body, your soul forgets how to move physical form.
Tim Sackton: Bodies cannot live long there.
Tim Sackton: You can take no nourishment.
Tim Sackton: Water turns to dosed food to ash.
Tim Sackton: No wounds can heal, no match stored.
Mike Sackton: Good thing we weren't planning on long resting there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the last thing? No magic.
Mike Sackton: No magic. You can't get back. Spell slots.
Tim Sackton: No magic, can be restored.
Eric Rosenbaum: Restored. I see.
Tim Sackton: It is not a place for mortals to travel.
Mike Sackton: Are there any
Mike Sackton: beings that would try to drive us off or stop us from being there? Or is the danger primarily the land itself.
Tim Sackton: Only should you interfere with souls in their journey.
Mike Sackton: What about souls we bring? There is that considered interfering.
Tim Sackton: Cannot bring souls to the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: Well, one should not.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Tim Sackton: There's like a sort of low, rumbling sound, and then a screech.
Tim Sackton: and then silence for a moment, and then the voice shifts to a higher register.
Tim Sackton: Souls, souls transit through the land of the dead. They do not.
Tim Sackton: You must not change their fates.
Tim Sackton: Whatever was meant to be should happen. Those who interfere with the fates of the souls are cursed.
Mike Sackton: We intend to restore 7 souls to their original fates?
Mike Sackton: Is that dangerous.
Tim Sackton: That is truly your purpose. The guardi will protect you.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would.
Mike Sackton: Yardy guardians that Kenzo met.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is there any signs or things we must show to the Giardi to prove our purpose?
Tim Sackton: Long pods.
Mike Sackton: To protect us from danger.
Tim Sackton: One cannot lie to the Giardi.
Tim Sackton: They can see your soul, of course.
Mike Sackton: Will souls we bring naturally be able to?
Mike Sackton: Can the gear up?
Mike Sackton: Can the Giardi free souls from where they are trapped.
Tim Sackton: Souls cannot be trapped on the land of the dead, it can only be lost, found.
Tim Sackton: One must only point them in the right direction.
Tim Sackton: They are confused, but a soul cannot be trapped.
Mike Sackton: Is it allowed to point them in the right direction?
Mike Sackton: Is that interference.
Tim Sackton: But Giardi will warn you if you should do something uncouth.
Tim Sackton: but if you truly seek to restore their just fates, that will be permitted.
Mike Sackton: Anybody else have any questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean factory stuff.
Mike Sackton: We didn't ask about. I mean we could try it. We didn't mention the flag tree in our preconditions, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh fair.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should have
Mike Sackton: the implication of souls. Can't be trapped, makes me think they're going to find a way out of the phylactery.
Mike Sackton: Can any magic bind a soul
Mike Sackton: on the plain of the dead.
Mike Sackton: or will it free itself from even the most powerful binding magic.
Tim Sackton: Magic can only cause souls to become lost.
Tim Sackton: If they remember their path, they cannot be trapped by any power.
Mike Sackton: So the flat, tricky on the the flat tree on the land of the dead
Mike Sackton: could try and keep the souls from remembering anything about themselves which would keep them milling around inside the phylactery. Basically, we're going to have to give them clues about their past lives.
David S. Kong: Sounds like a plausible mechanism.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, because there's a bunch of them they won't know who's who.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which will be funny. That's interesting. Are there any
Eric Rosenbaum: anything to tell us about the relationship of time there versus here?
Tim Sackton: Time passes as it passes here.
Tim Sackton: It is always a wise question when one travels to other planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And space.
Tim Sackton: They your name again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am seeker of high keep.
Tim Sackton: This one has potential.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Calm, join us.
Mike Sackton: No, not tonight, Sneaker. You could come later. Come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll take the application to look at later.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll fill out the form.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about traveling within the plate?
Mike Sackton: Is there any?
Mike Sackton: Is there any
Mike Sackton: Do we need to travel? I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows what could happen?
Mike Sackton: True.
Tim Sackton: No traveling on the plane. There has only
Tim Sackton: the plane moving you towards your destination.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it travels you.
Tim Sackton: This is why, in some mythologies it is called the River of Souls.
Eric Rosenbaum: And any advice about getting back from there.
Tim Sackton: If you have the magic to get there.
Tim Sackton: you should have the magic to return.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Just do not spend too long minutes are rarely dangerous.
Tim Sackton: but ours and days, especially even the strong.
Tim Sackton: such as yourselves, may never return from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good, that's all I've got.
Eric Rosenbaum: We thank you for your assistance on these matters.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: The fee is paid, the dead speak no more silence!
Tim Sackton: And suddenly there's a bright light flashes in the room, and the woman comes back and undoes your blindfolds.
Tim Sackton: and leads you back to the room.
Tim Sackton: You may change and leave at your as you wish.
Tim Sackton: Please speak of this to no one, although
Tim Sackton: we believe we have taken the precautions that you
Tim Sackton: not have seen anything that you should not have seen.
Tim Sackton: She looks over at Seeker. They seemed very curious about you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Deed, and.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps we will see you again.
Tim Sackton: Dwarves often make excellent philosophers.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can see why.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps our paths will cross once more.
Tim Sackton: Good evening.
Tim Sackton: So you sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Mike Sackton: Yep. Long rested.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And we go to the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: You wake in the morning
Tim Sackton: and go to the the temple of yeah, I never made a.
Kate Sackton: Friendly dead people.
Tim Sackton: I never made a a land of the dead background, but we can have the
Mike Sackton: Who's best place to take this.
Tim Sackton: Temple of the Sibyl.
Mike Sackton: Potion against charm. By the way.
Tim Sackton: Grants you advantage on saving throws against charm. For 1 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: To me.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if there's 1, if it's on dnd beyond or not.
Kate Sackton: But it's like something that one person consumes like. It's a potion.
Tim Sackton: Question.
Mike Sackton: Question.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's useless to deal with, because I already have advantage in shipping throws against charm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm still attuned to ring of the worded mind, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: That gives advantage on saving throws against being charmed.
Mike Sackton: So maybe.
Mike Sackton: Well, be Kenzo Riswin Riswyn. Maybe I don't know who has the crappiest charisma, and wisdom saves.
David (he/him): Have a decent wisdom save decent ish charisma, save.
David (he/him): I also do less damage if I'm charmed, probably, than Riswin.
Kate Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Kate Sackton: Christmas, plus 11, and my charm just my charisma is plus 6. So.
David (he/him): That's better than me.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: I don't know. We don't have to decide right now, though. Well, Kenzel has pretty good saves.
Mike Sackton: Although maybe Kenza should take it
Mike Sackton: cause he can end conditions on other people. But Riswin can, too. Anyway, we don't have to decide right now let's go to the end of the bed.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you find the you find the the body in the temple, and the priests.
Tim Sackton: you know, sort of gather around, and rizwin casts playing chef and you find yourself.
Kate Sackton: Hold hands in a circle and.
Tim Sackton: You find yourself appearing, Kong, are you still with us?
Tim Sackton: Fall asleep?
Eric Rosenbaum: He's pretty asleep.
Tim Sackton: See, this is why we can't do like
Tim Sackton: late combats. Well, combats keep you all awake.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I thought I.
Tim Sackton: You what.
Mike Sackton: I saw an eye peek out of Kong's head.
Kate Sackton: Stay in consent and peek at us.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that's what I meant.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so let's everybody.
Mike Sackton: Go to the ledge of the dead. Maybe a 3rd eye is opening in his forehead.
Kate Sackton: He needs to sing a rousing chorus of the Hymn of the Dawn, and maybe that will wake up.
Mike Sackton: Hey? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you.
Kate Sackton: Y'all know that old standard right.
Tim Sackton: You find yourself in a gray expanse.
Tim Sackton: You can see a few people, shadowy sort of incomplete, moving in the distance.
Tim Sackton: And standing next to you is an old man.
Tim Sackton: presumably the soul of the body, who you just followed, who looks sort of
Tim Sackton: kind of basically ignoring you, who who seems to be staring off at something in the distance that he's excited to see.
Tim Sackton: and he's moving determinedly, sort of moving more quickly than other people
Tim Sackton: here, it seems the whole place is dry and dusty.
Tim Sackton: There's no whether the land and the sky are hard to tell apart.
Tim Sackton: It's so. It's hard to sort of see the horizon. It's hard to tell when
Tim Sackton: when the horizon begins and the land ends, or when the land ends and the horizon begins.
Tim Sackton: And you find yourself standing here, not sure what to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Kate Sackton: I think we get the dagger factory out.
Mike Sackton: Well, yes.
Kate Sackton: Okay, people in it.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. Get out the dagger!
Kate Sackton: We spread out like a picnic blanket, put in the dagger, and all the mementos.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as you do as you take out the dagger.
Tim Sackton: You see, sort of vaguely formed 7
Tim Sackton: people beginning to kind of appear.
Tim Sackton: or maybe they're always there before and they are.
Tim Sackton: You can see the 7 of them on Rule 20 they are wandering
Tim Sackton: and and seem to always be just walking in a circle like nobody is
Tim Sackton: there? There's a line that nobody seems to be able to pass or willing to pass.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're sort of pacing around in this
Tim Sackton: kind of very circumscribed way of walking, but their forms are are solid and
Tim Sackton: you you occasionally hear sort of mutters in, in drank Corian, or in elvish or common.
Tim Sackton: but but they don't. But the words seem to be
Tim Sackton: like you can't even quite make out what the words are like. It's like almost just beyond the edge of your hearing.
Mike Sackton: And there's I are they? Can we tell them apart, or are they all very, very indistinct and.
Tim Sackton: No, they're forms are.
Mike Sackton: Look, okay.
Tim Sackton: They just seem to have no awareness of who they are, or.
Mike Sackton: And ha! Sorry I how is this?
Mike Sackton: Are they like? Are we standing looking at them like, how is this space compared to the space.
Tim Sackton: There are.
Tim Sackton: You're sort of standing looking at them. It's it almost seems as if they can only
Tim Sackton: walk a few feet from the dagger itself kind of pacing in a circle like there's a chain that connects.
Mike Sackton: But they're like pacing around us almost.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, almost like a circle around you.
Kate Sackton: I think we might have the best
Kate Sackton: if you're up for it. Well, be, you might have the best chance to just
Kate Sackton: speak in halfling about fireworks to the, you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Start with that connection.
David (he/him): Yeah. Yeah.
David (he/him): Where should I start with that? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pull out the nape.
David S. Kong: There's no music. By the way.
David (he/him): Alright! So a call out in halfling.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: what do you want to say?
David (he/him): I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that?
David (he/him): Tactics to take here.
Mike Sackton: Remind them of who they are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Likes.
Mike Sackton: You gotta talk about the stories about their heroes here, let me tell you what Chatgpt said about their their thing.
Mike Sackton: The halfling wasn't in the list. We didn't get cliffnets in the halfling.
David S. Kong: You know.
Mike Sackton: Nothing. We know very little about the halfling except the token you Spike, like we have the.
David S. Kong: Yeah, this is the whole well, we can just tap into the ancestors. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Vibes like, you know, fireworks watching fireworks from the roof right like
Tim Sackton: Halfling Inn, clearly, like a place where people came to celebrate.
Tim Sackton: So that's a big
Tim Sackton: and all like it was a place where people had big, where there were big gatherings.
David (he/him): I'll tell those stories, and like, try and just paint that picture as vividly as I can of like what
David (he/him): what it looked like to look out and see the fireworks and the colors and the shapes of them, and
David (he/him): what the feeling of the inn was, and like starting with the
David (he/him): just starting with what you see, and then trying to move into
David (he/him): and like bridging or intuiting like what? What would the emotional experience of being there have felt like like the excitement and delight of seeing it, and the warmth of being connected, and
David (he/him): and from there to talk a little bit to into the
David (he/him): sense of, with other halflings, like that feeling of never being apart and forgotten, but always being one piece of a whole.
David (he/him): to try and bring that memory back, bring that connection back.
Tim Sackton: Make a whatever skill check you like as long as you explain why that skill is relevant.
David (he/him): I'm gonna use.
David (he/him): And we use insight to try and like, make that bridge
David (he/him): of what the feeling of those things would have been like for them.
David (he/him): That's a natural 20.
Tim Sackton: The halfling woman stands up.
Tim Sackton: That's her in the lower left corner here.
Tim Sackton: And as you're talking about the fireworks sort of looking like
Tim Sackton: all of them turn and look at you when you start talking all 7 of these figures.
Tim Sackton: and it seems almost as if, when you're speaking like
Tim Sackton: you're looking at all of them. You're looking at the halfling.
Tim Sackton: there! There's something missing in their eyes like for a minute. It seems like all of them remember being the halfling, and then something shifts.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you hear a crack just faint
Tim Sackton: and then, like this sound muffled by the dust. Something about the land of the dead muffles
Tim Sackton: sound entirely
Tim Sackton: And the halfling woman and steps forward.
Tim Sackton: Serafina, that was my name.
David (he/him): What's your name?
Tim Sackton: That is unique a few times, and she looks around.
Tim Sackton: stops, and then sets off resolutely.
Tim Sackton: looking one's back over her shoulders.
Tim Sackton: Looking at wellbeing.
Tim Sackton: There's always another party to go to.
Tim Sackton: and as she begins to walk into the distance you see beginning to shadow her.
Tim Sackton: What looks like a wow!
Tim Sackton: A large like flying panther, dragon like creature but with only
Tim Sackton: 4 limbs, and then a long tail.
Tim Sackton: No wings, but just kind of flying almost snake, like through the sky around her.
Tim Sackton: brightly colored, the only splash of color you see in this entire place
Tim Sackton: in the distance, on the fur of this creature as it begins to follow her, she runs, it also looks back
Tim Sackton: towards you.
Mike Sackton: That's a that's a guarantee.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I assume.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David (he/him): Cool, cool, I'll nod to it and her, and raise a hand in farewell.
Mike Sackton: We have the let me just.
Mike Sackton: We have the ship's manifest.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: And we have the plants.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That plant guy right? Well. Alpha human. I don't remember.
Kate Sackton: Paranois.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'll me. Mina, was that.
Tim Sackton: Minaret.
Mike Sackton: Mineras that was.
Mike Sackton: Do we know what gender Minarith was?
Mike Sackton: We might not. I don't know. It doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: I just didn't know which pronoun to use. But anyway, dealeth will
Mike Sackton: start.
Mike Sackton: We'll call out to Miniras and start talking about just like like
Mike Sackton: not like telling a current story or anything like that, but just like talking about sort of various plants, but like clearly not knowing that much about plants, and like every time he sort of starts talking about. Oh, I saw this plant. Oh, minaret like call out their name like, can you help me? I need help learning more about this plant like, can you?
Mike Sackton: I know there's somebody here who remembers teaching about plants, please. Can you help me like
Mike Sackton: you know, and just continue on that sort of like
Mike Sackton: Sort of asking, calling out, trying to remind
Mike Sackton: Minarath about being a teacher and teaching people about botany.
Tim Sackton: What skill do you want to use.
Mike Sackton: Persuasion.
Tim Sackton: Okay, no, that's logical for this.
Mike Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton: Again as Dawa starts talking, all of them.
Tim Sackton: all of them turn. And you know, as this goes on for a couple of minutes like occasionally one
Tim Sackton: person like this, this old guy in the orange cloak.
Tim Sackton: like starts to try and answer, and then looks confused and uncertain.
Tim Sackton: You know the the woman in the sort of rugged traveling gear.
Tim Sackton: begins to speak, and nothing comes out of her mouth, and after maybe 5 min of this. This Alvin man in the purple cloak
Tim Sackton: steps forward, almost seeming frustrated with everybody. It's like.
Tim Sackton: no, he goes off into this lecture on
Tim Sackton: particular kind of Basil. That's useful for soothing weary
Tim Sackton: headaches as well as has an interesting history because it was originally brought.
Tim Sackton: it's a corrupted form of a plant that grows in the Feywild, and he, you know, is.
Tim Sackton: starts talking, and then suddenly looks as if he realizes I am men, Raft.
Tim Sackton: and he looks around and he looks at Darwyth, and then he says, I see the stars.
Tim Sackton: and he gives a bow, and he says, Farewell.
Mike Sackton: Oh, bow to him as well.
Tim Sackton: And begin.
Mike Sackton: Be at peace.
Mike Sackton: Welby, do you want to try and get the seafarer.
Tim Sackton: Somebody besides now with, and Welby has to do at least.
Mike Sackton: I guess that's fair.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Am I reaching out to Gloria? We have her mask right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: And so person starts talking about
Kate Sackton: following the a family legacy of taking care of an estate.
Kate Sackton: and then finding the responsibility from the gods to take care of all who are needy. Talking about.
Kate Sackton: Oh, you can quietly smuggle aid to the
Kate Sackton: radiant path to those who are seeking to
Kate Sackton: overcome the challenges of their lives in a dark time, and by following the old ways of
Kate Sackton: sacred devotion to unity.
Kate Sackton: The people around you. Can
Kate Sackton: be supplied with what they need from your your bounty?
Kate Sackton: help them to be strong in a dark time.
Tim Sackton: What skill would you like to use.
Kate Sackton: I will use insight.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you'll say, let Welby do it.
Tim Sackton: She looks.
Tim Sackton: I'm the woman in the sort of fancy blue
Tim Sackton: veil, and particularly as you're talking about sort of family, and the
Tim Sackton: turning your duty to family into a duty to the larger.
Tim Sackton: Oh, she says.
Tim Sackton: And again, it's the same sort of pattern. Everybody sort of all of these people sort of start to turn and look
Tim Sackton: but you know their eyes are empty until
Tim Sackton: she turns and she looks at Rizwin, I do remember.
Tim Sackton: and she turns and looks off, and she says.
Tim Sackton: and I hear the father calling now, thank you.
Tim Sackton: and the she doesn't start moving, but the land that she's standing on kind of looks like it almost separates and pulls away from you and begins to pull her away.
Tim Sackton: From where you are standing, as again you hear a snap muffled by the dust.
Kate Sackton: I give her a thank you as she leaves.
Tim Sackton: Wrong? Are you awake enough to try one.
David S. Kong: Yes, let's do it, Pimmy.
Tim Sackton: No, you gotta say what you're how you're convincing one of these people to remember what's happening.
David S. Kong: Alright we're going to talk about.
David S. Kong: We are going to talk about
David S. Kong: Their, the resilience against tyranny of either Floria Marius, or Volante.
Mike Sackton: Go with Marius. Marius. Seems like Kenzo's kind of Guy.
David S. Kong: Spiritual inspiration and leadership through faith.
David S. Kong: Alright! Let's do it.
David S. Kong: Samarius.
David S. Kong: What did you all do to get the things to work.
Tim Sackton: Pick skills they were good at and rolled high. But stay!
Tim Sackton: Something about to remind the idea is to remind them of.
David S. Kong: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Right. So while we talked about the fireworks and the joy of parties and stuff dealt with, yes.
David S. Kong: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Professor into becoming a professor by being annoyingly uneducated.
David S. Kong: Yes, yes, yes, yes, okay.
David S. Kong: yes. So did I speak out to Marius?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Let's say Marius, like you, I have fallen fallen the path of spirituality.
David S. Kong: And Noel the feelings of safety you felt in the Temple of the 8 Divines.
David S. Kong: hmm!
David S. Kong: Huh!
David S. Kong: I also know well
David S. Kong: What it means to fight for others.
David S. Kong: hmm!
Mike Sackton: Yeah, talk talk about you. Do you have a
Mike Sackton: Kenzo was like fighting bad guys when he was a kid, right? Marius was also fighting bad guys when he was a kid.
David S. Kong: Exactly. Yeah. I when I was when I was in the youth in the streets of
David S. Kong: chart in, I would.
David S. Kong: Am I supposed, to ask him questions, though.
Mike Sackton: No, you don't have to ask some questions just.
David S. Kong: How long.
Mike Sackton: That remind him about himself.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay?
David S. Kong: And when I was young on the streets of Chardon, I would.
Mike Sackton: Alright!
David S. Kong: Fight against those that contaminated my communities, water and health.
David S. Kong: But and I know that you fought the same way against
David S. Kong: a cruel emperor that also oppressed your people.
David S. Kong: and that you were courageous.
David S. Kong: Do you remember these things?
Tim Sackton: So as has happened before, all of the for
Tim Sackton: people who are left turn and look with sort of blank eyes
Tim Sackton: as you begin to speak. Sort of
Tim Sackton: each one kind of stepping forward in turn, unsure of who they are. Go ahead and make a you can pick what skill you want to use.
Tim Sackton: But you have to explain why that skill is relevant.
David S. Kong: Hmm!
David S. Kong: Or you can just pick insight like everybody else, definitely insight.
Kate Sackton: Because we're feeling very insightful.
Tim Sackton: You're trying to connect with them. Yes, that makes sense. So go ahead and roll.
David S. Kong: No, I rolled a 1 heroic, heroic inspiration, heroic, the heroic thing I'm rerolling.
David S. Kong: I heroically reroll 18.
Tim Sackton: 18 total.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't matter, either. One is fine.
Tim Sackton: So, Marius.
Tim Sackton: That young guy at the bottom here steps forward and turns, and he. He looks
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, as he steps, and he says, kind of I do. You remember fighting kind of shakes his head?
Tim Sackton: Oh, don't know why I stopped, but thank you, or reminding.
Tim Sackton: he gives a nod, and he says, Keep fighting, and turns.
Tim Sackton: and again a piece of the of the
Tim Sackton: ground sort of separates and begins to pull him away quicker and quicker, vanishing
Tim Sackton: rapidly into the horizon, and hear another snap and a spray of dust.
Tim Sackton: and there are now only 3 left.
David S. Kong: This is going to sound weird. But this is like the 1st black person we've seen in Talgar.
David S. Kong: Is that true?
Mike Sackton: Oh, it's not.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: When have we seen other black people?
David S. Kong: Not not I like that. I like that. There's there's there's young Poc revolutionaries. I support this.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. You gotta go. You gotta browse through the Talgaverse because not every Npc just gets
Tim Sackton: who I make an image of. You actually see their image.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very true.
David S. Kong: Oh! They disappeared!
Tim Sackton: I'm deleting the ones who who you've successfully.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Again.
Tim Sackton: I can put them back.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the names of the ones that are left.
Tim Sackton: So you've got Kemet of Paragu, traveler, sailor, tea merchant, big spender in taverns.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You've got Antonius patriots like administrator.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Like, you know, logic, quartermaster, organizer, type person in the background.
Tim Sackton: And you've got Valente the like satiric Alvin Bard, who wrote plays taunting Apollyon, and was presumably captured and
Tim Sackton: bound to the phylactery, for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I better do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, too tired to think to do this! But the Valenti one Valenti.
Eric Rosenbaum: you remember that ridiculous, wrinkling worm, pretending to be Emperor.
Eric Rosenbaum: The songs you spun to tickle him, a polyon, pathetic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come on, you could do better than that, raising your little stick.
Eric Rosenbaum: hoping to bring an army along with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've got an army, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try harder.
Tim Sackton: What skill do you want to use.
Eric Rosenbaum: Vicious mockery.
Tim Sackton: You can, you can roll you just your
Tim Sackton: yeah, just roll up plus 10 spellcasting modifier. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 19.
Tim Sackton: You hear? Like appeal of laughter.
Tim Sackton: 1st coming from all 3 of the remaining people, and then slowly separating out as the Elven woman
Tim Sackton: steps forward, still laughing.
Tim Sackton: She smiles, her eyes focus. She looks at Seeker, she says.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: I couldn't laughter for some reason.
Tim Sackton: but it was always the best weapon and magic of.
Tim Sackton: but I think you knew that
Tim Sackton: she kind of gives a bow. She looks, and she says.
Tim Sackton: Remember my works, and vanishes, moving quickly into the distance as you hear another snap.
Tim Sackton: Now only 2 confused milling souls left.
David (he/him): I'll speak to the team merchant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David (he/him): And just start to.
David (he/him): We've a picture of being out on the water, the sound of gulls and the smell of the sea
David (he/him): from everything I know, you know, in my own memories, imagining and inviting
David (he/him): what ducks are like in the
David (he/him): of goods, and loading and unloading, reminding them about ledger books and inventory.
David (he/him): and the frustration of inventory left in warehouses.
David (he/him): the trade routes across the sea, outrunning pirates.
David (he/him): sailing presumably the sea of storms, I would assume.
David (he/him): Yeah, but that back then it wasn't the sea of storms right.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't stormy.
David (he/him): Southern Ocean, the heat of it, and describing the you know, the birds and the the fish that are in that ocean, catching them fresh over the side.
David (he/him): just trying to pull them back to all of the ordinary details of that life.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rising from the sea on the coin.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, right on the coin. What? What skill do you want to use.
David (he/him): I wanna, use nature.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as you start talking, especially when you mention
Tim Sackton: outrunning pirates, for at a moment, for a moment both of their. Both of these people are sort of watching you caught up in Welby's tale.
Tim Sackton: And then you hear? Just sort of under under
Tim Sackton: sort of muttered under her breath.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It is why we called it Sword of the Wind.
Tim Sackton: and she turns and she looks, and you can see now the wind, like her hair is blowing
Tim Sackton: in the wind, even though the land of the dead is still and our clothes are flapping.
Tim Sackton: She holds up a finger, and she says I had forgotten the wind.
Tim Sackton: Thank you
Tim Sackton: best part of being on the ocean.
Tim Sackton: and she turns, and as the
Tim Sackton: the land begins to pull her away. You can almost feel the echo of the wind as you hear a snap.
Tim Sackton: and there is just one confused soul left. Millie.
Mike Sackton: Dallas, I mean, I don't know to say I'm happy to.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I don't want to step on people. If other people had ideas but deal with. We'll start talking about.
Mike Sackton: The this is Antonius who's left? Right track.
Mike Sackton: Am I still here?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sorry my monitor just turned off. I can't hold on.
Mike Sackton: Sorry you're gonna have to give me a okay, it came back.
Mike Sackton: I just, I need the zoom chat to know what I'm saying. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that was weird.
Mike Sackton: So deal with. We'll talk to Antonio Antonius about rituals and stewardship of Temples, and
Mike Sackton: Dallas doesn't know that much about the father particularly.
Mike Sackton: but we'll talk about just the
Mike Sackton: his own experience of the Maswati and the and the denaquai gods in particular, and just about the sort of
Mike Sackton: talking about kind of the labors of finding telling a story, and also a little bit of the asking questions, like telling stories from his own experience of the labors of like finding different gods and finding temples and things, and then asking sort of questions and talking about
Mike Sackton: specifically like the father and.
Tim Sackton: Asking questions like, Oh, what? What are the different temples of the Father? And like
Mike Sackton: You know, talking about how diplomacy is important. Kind of just that sort of theme of the
Mike Sackton: of laboring to find sort of telling the story of laboring to find and a connection across different
Mike Sackton: temples and different ways of worship and things like that.
Mike Sackton: and but bringing in the father as much as possible, and talking oh! And and mentioning the talking a little bit about the
Mike Sackton: describing in detail the father's switching at some point to describing in detail the father's statue on the
Mike Sackton: circular islands.
Mike Sackton: and talking about how it must have been amazing when pilgrims were there, and, like the path of pilgrimage. And
Mike Sackton: you know, remember that asking Antonius to remember that place in that path of pilgrimage.
Tim Sackton: What skill do you want to use.
Mike Sackton: Persuasion.
Tim Sackton: Can't double dip persuasion.
Mike Sackton: I can't double dip persuasion.
Mike Sackton: Ow!
Mike Sackton: I didn't realize I could double dip skills.
Mike Sackton: I don't have any other good skills.
Tim Sackton: Then we can help you.
Mike Sackton: I will wean into the whole description of the
Mike Sackton: the pilgrimage, and, like really detailed description of the pilgrimage, and use perception.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Not that it's a great.
David (he/him): Walk.
Mike Sackton: 14.
Tim Sackton: Anybody want to inspire that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Mike Sackton: That's a d 12.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Roll twice, take the higher one.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then you get the explosive damage, too.
Tim Sackton: It's a good thing that DC. Was only 15.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Antonius initially seems seems a little bit like unsure and confused, even as you're talking about, even as you're
Tim Sackton: highlighting the the the pilgrimage in the temple and
Tim Sackton: but eventually, like turns, turns and and shakes and kind of nods briefly, just like still looking
Tim Sackton: a little bit confused, but just yes, yes, I I should go.
Tim Sackton: I think it's that way, and he begins to sort of wander off.
Tim Sackton: not looking too sure of himself. But
Tim Sackton: after a minute or so, you see another one of the Giardi kind of come
Tim Sackton: and begin to to follow him a little bit, just gently prodding slightly.
Tim Sackton: and you hear the final snap.
Tim Sackton: and you look down, and where there once was a dagger
Tim Sackton: there are now there is now a
Tim Sackton: just treads of metal.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like it's been pulled apart like this and unwound into
Tim Sackton: like strands, like cut by some sort of claws.
Tim Sackton: and you hear a wailing, screeching sound from inside, horrendous howl.
Tim Sackton: noise that fades and then vanishes, and then there is a bang, and the dagger disintegrates.
Mike Sackton: That seems that seems good. Let's let's go to the let's go see what's going on in our on our boat.
Mike Sackton: our ship, our flying castle.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: We're at changing our minds. Here are we.
David (he/him): Why are we going back there instead of just going straight to Killapolium?
Mike Sackton: Because we can Rainbow Bridge there, but we can't rainbow Bridge back to drink Corp.
David S. Kong: We're in a different plan right now. We can't teleport from here directly to a Polygon.
Tim Sackton: You gotta get back to the material plane before you can teleport.
Mike Sackton: I mean you could. For
Mike Sackton: how long does Telepar take to cast? Is it action, or is it a long time.
Tim Sackton: Action.
Mike Sackton: You could prepare a teleport spell
Mike Sackton: casts to teleport back to the Temple of the 8 Divines the minute we land on, and
Mike Sackton: the ship, in case if if there's danger there, or something. But I.
David S. Kong: Well, we know there's why don't we
David S. Kong: prepare actions to go kill Fausta? We need to kill him.
David S. Kong: Let's just prepare a bunch of action. Why wouldn't we.
Mike Sackton: First.st This is what I don't understand. If the ship is in danger, shouldn't we? We still have, like how many days, till a plan breaks free.
Tim Sackton: Like 4.
Mike Sackton: So we've got tons of time to defeat Fausto first.st
David S. Kong: Why are you more scared of Fausta than a Polyon? Welby? Slash? Schwartz.
David (he/him): Yeah, if I'm more scared of a polyon, we should take a polyon first, st
David (he/him): like, we, yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah. Because because with Fausto, there's this unknown right like, if Fausto knows that he just needs to
David (he/him): detain us for 4 days like that potentially changes the strategy, or that changes the
David (he/him): like he doesn't just have to win by killing us. He has to win by slowing us down for a few days.
David (he/him): and so like there's an UN
David (he/him): there's an unknown to that, and not wanting to
David (he/him): like, even though the the threat and the damage he does is immediate. There's like a prioritization that says
David (he/him): if we die killing Fausto. That's a big problem. But if we die killing Apollyon, that's still well played.
David (he/him): So that's no, that's.
Mike Sackton: I I'm with that I get I though I think that
Mike Sackton: I think you're right. I'm sold.
David S. Kong: Well, we go go kill Polyon first.st
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, so we prepare the
Eric Rosenbaum: teleport to bounce once we hit the ship just in case, and then am I gonna.
Kate Sackton: Shauna within like 30 seconds, and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I? I should decide on a condition
Eric Rosenbaum: because we might want to stay, depending on what's going on. There.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You can't prepare actions out of combat anyway. So it would just be like, the 1st thing you do is cast.
Mike Sackton: Right fair enough.
Kate Sackton: No matter what we see, like everybody we know.
Kate Sackton: dead in front of us, with Fauso like pointing a weapon, pointing a wand at us like we still.
Mike Sackton: Alaska to teleport away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. Yeah.
David S. Kong: I mean, I think I think in that, like the tricky thing for Welby is.
David (he/him): If we went straight back to Apollyon
David (he/him): he'd have no problem with that. Right like his vote is, don't even stop. But if we stop at Vendra Sharna
David (he/him): like. I don't know if he could pull the trigger to immediately teleport away in that scenario.
Mike Sackton: Who's the
David (he/him): I know that's not what I was saying earlier, but.
Mike Sackton: No, I but I get it. I just don't know that we have option, because we don't have.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess Resmin could cast her other 8th level spell to plane, shift a second time.
Kate Sackton: And then fight a polyon with no high level spells.
David S. Kong: Hey? Why not?
David S. Kong: If we kill Faso? Then we long rest and let me go kill Pyon.
David S. Kong: We've got 4 days.
Mike Sackton: No, I'm sold on Wellbee. The risk of fighting fesco 1st is too high.
David S. Kong: Wait a minute narratively. Isn't that going to be dumb to go kill a Polyon? And then we've killed a polyon? And then we got to go mop up Fausto after.
David (he/him): No, because it's because by doing that, like we've doomed
David (he/him): I don't know. We've caused so much damage in the world
David (he/him): by doing it in that order.
David S. Kong: By doing it? In what order.
David (he/him): Like.
David (he/him): If we go solve Dunmar first, st then we prevent a huge amount of damage that could unfold there right.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So let's go kill Fausto. Fausto's like leading the Chardonian Mage people and all that shit.
David (he/him): I know, but it creates more uncertainty in killing a polyon
David (he/him): which is like an existential threat.
Kate Sackton: I mean, only if all 5 of us die like otherwise, we just need the data.
Kate Sackton: Long rest.
Tim Sackton: As long as Briswan gets away with your bodies. It's all fine.
David (he/him): Well, it would take me longer than a few days to put all 4 of them back together.
Eric Rosenbaum: And nobody.
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: The most important.
Tim Sackton: Only a 5th Level spell you can cast like you can raise all 4 of them, and and day.
David (he/him): What is the most important thing? Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: The possible damage to our brand new paint job.
Eric Rosenbaum: just spent. Like most of our accumulated wealth, to renovate the ship.
Mike Sackton: No, wait, wait! We haven't done that yet, have we?
David (he/him): This, you know, people say boat is just a money sink, and that this is so true.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it does seem out of character to just immediately flee the ship. It's tough to do right.
David (he/him): Maybe we go to the ship, and everything's fine, but that's that's probably what's gonna happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, we arrive. And faldrick's like, Hey, where you guys been? Everything.
David S. Kong: Brownies for you like. Have some enjoy.
David (he/him): Probably there's no like trap that will immediately spring as soon as we arrive there. Probably right.
David S. Kong: Alright. So we just go. Let's go and feel it up.
Kate Sackton: Wait, does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: People bridge back to the ship always bring us to the same spot.
Kate Sackton: Is it like? Does our crew know where we would appear if we rainbow bridged back, or can we show up where, on our massive airship.
Kate Sackton: you could.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Kate Sackton: Closet on the 3rd floor hallway.
Tim Sackton: I think you could show up anywhere. I've never. We've never. It's never been relevant. But
Tim Sackton: I don't see why you couldn't pick a location.
Kate Sackton: That's an interesting question.
Kate Sackton: And so.
David S. Kong: Actually cool. That's actually cool. Yeah. In fact, we should. In fact, that's exactly what we should do. We should pick a closet and then get in, become invisible. You should make a wellbeing, Kenzo invisible, and we'll go stealth and fucking, explore.
Mike Sackton: Sure.
David S. Kong: That's exactly what we should do. We should go. We should because, you know, isn't isn't like secret paranoid like. Don't you have some. Isn't your bedroom full of like? Have some like secret compartments, and shit that we could like teleport into that? Nobody knows about.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, there's like staff bathrooms. We can use an unexpected.
David (he/him): We teleport into the stable. I mean, this could be Baxter's big moment.
David S. Kong: I think.
David S. Kong: okay, I like this. I like this. We go into the stable. You turn us invisible. Now. Right, make us invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe.
David S. Kong: It's not visible.
Tim Sackton: Invisible because he has to cast the spell. But.
Mike Sackton: No seeker's not casting a spell. We're ray with Bridget.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you're rainbow bridging. Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David S. Kong: Doesn't activating does activating a magic item, not.
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Only casting a spell or making an attack roll.
Tim Sackton: Then you're good.
David S. Kong: Alright! Let's do it invisible into the stable, and then, Welby and Kenzo stealth out and go go.
Tim Sackton: You appear in the stable?
David S. Kong: Baxter still alive.
Tim Sackton: Baxter is alive.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he can't see you because you're invisible, so he doesn't like leap up and greet you.
David S. Kong: Actually the very 1st thing. As soon as we land.
David S. Kong: Kenzo immediately scans for consciousness. What's going on on the boat, is it? Is it? Is it all, all our people? Is it weird fucking? Is Fausto there going on.
Tim Sackton: Just your people.
David S. Kong: Really known of no other nefarious souls or consciousness.
David (he/him): I will telepathically talk with Baxter
David (he/him): and get the update on what's been happening on the ship.
Tim Sackton: From his perspective.
Tim Sackton: Baxter.
Tim Sackton: He says.
Tim Sackton: We're going east. We're going towards the sun.
David (he/him): Any new friends on the boat.
Tim Sackton: No.
David (he/him): Anyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meals, meal, service.
Mike Sackton: Why? Why are we going East.
Tim Sackton: That's where the answers are apparently.
David S. Kong: Mind, control.
David (he/him): What else would Baxter know about different feeding schedule.
Tim Sackton: No, it's been. It's been good. I missed you.
David S. Kong: Bye.
David (he/him): You too, Buddy.
David S. Kong: That's cute.
Mike Sackton: Why didn't we cast sending on? Wait? We did cast sending on Faldrick. What did he tell us?
Tim Sackton: You, only you cast sending on Faldrick like a day a while ago a while ago, and he
Tim Sackton: add something about drankor being too scary.
David (he/him): Can we? Now that we're on the boat? Can we talk telepathically with Faldrick.
Tim Sackton: Ow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, we don't have that set up.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just go talk actually to Faldrick?
Kate Sackton: I could, sending him from the closet.
Mike Sackton: We're not. Gonna I mean, I would save your 3rd level spells. Honestly, we're gonna have to go.
David S. Kong: That's why.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just walk to Faldrick and talk to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we.
David S. Kong: Let's well, we're invisible right now. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We're all invisible. All 5 of us are invisible.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Well, the the stealthy ones just give us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, cool. Cool.
Tim Sackton: In the closet, you sneak out.
David S. Kong: Yeah, and we'll be.
Mike Sackton: Sorry actually in person is not. I can't make everybody invisible. Somebody has to be visible.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to be visible because I'm not Selfie at all. So.
David (he/him): Sit behind the gate.
Kate Sackton: And small. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He. So you you climb out. You step out of the stables.
Tim Sackton: You are over an ocean.
Tim Sackton: Let's see.
David S. Kong: 23 on my stealth check. By the way.
Tim Sackton: You can see land to the south.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: To the south.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): All right.
Mike Sackton: What I was expecting.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: that's the only direction in which you can probably see land to the north as well. It's like you're traveling through like a big bay
Tim Sackton: with land to the north and south, but east and west you can't see. There's mountains to the north.
Tim Sackton: just far in the distance, like a hundred more than a hundred miles off.
Tim Sackton: It's hot.
Tim Sackton: You're heading directly east towards this, towards the
Tim Sackton: Somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Amol is up at front like sort of
Tim Sackton: keeping an eye out. The Agnir. The Elf is tending to the tree in the garden.
David S. Kong: Full site.
David S. Kong: Everybody look normal, feel they're just behaving normally.
Tim Sackton: What souls! What are you? You're just what are you doing, soul site, wise.
David S. Kong: Like emotional state. You know, there's like they're just behaving normally. Everything seems fine.
Tim Sackton: They seem excited, curious.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they made of snow, though.
Tim Sackton: They don't appear to be made of snow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David (he/him): I have to get a kid into bed in just a minute, is this, are we pausing here? Do we're gonna run for like
David (he/him): 15.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotta go to sleep.
Tim Sackton: I mean, everybody's got to go to sleep. But I I'm I. So I want to stop in like a few minutes. But I also don't wanna
Tim Sackton: like the timing's not great.
Tim Sackton: Can you hold on for like 5 min, Schwartz.
David (he/him): Sure, for sure, for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Cool. Cool.
Tim Sackton: Just like, you know, guys keep moving.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so.
David (he/him): Okay. Okay. All right.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just that become invisible, visible. Amel, what's going on? How's how's everything going? Why are we? Why are we? Why are we flying the ship east. What's going.
Tim Sackton: Hey?
Tim Sackton: Good to see you. Are! Are you coming to find the hidden city of Puatar, too?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
David S. Kong: What is that? And why are we going there.
Tim Sackton: Library holds all the secrets to everything we need to learn. It's a hidden city in the desert
Tim Sackton: or on a quest to find it.
David S. Kong: Who? Whose question?
Tim Sackton: It's our quest.
Tim Sackton: We decided.
David S. Kong: Who's we?
Tim Sackton: Falderick and me and Agnir, and the Orc ladies and.
David S. Kong: Where did you hear about the city.
Tim Sackton: A nice wizard told us about it.
David S. Kong: When did the nice wizard come.
Tim Sackton: When we were in Drankor. It was too scary there we had to leave.
David S. Kong: Right? Right right is the nice picture still here?
Tim Sackton: No, are they churned?
Tim Sackton: The answers would be clear. When we got to Puettar. The.
David S. Kong: Charmed.
Tim Sackton: Be in the desert.
Mike Sackton: Are they charms?
Tim Sackton: Yes, they are.
David S. Kong: I touch him and uncharm both of them.
Tim Sackton: But.
David S. Kong: Touch both of them.
Tim Sackton: Make a I guess I guess you'll you're gonna presumably you're gonna short rest. So
Tim Sackton: you need to make a DC 16 wisdom check.
Tim Sackton: You're probably not gonna be able to cleanse all of them without.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Okay, almost like Whoa.
Tim Sackton: Why did I think there was some hidden city in the middle of a giant desert to the east.
David S. Kong: That's awesome. Happens to the best of us goes over to the it was the office.
Mike Sackton: Faldrek is the most important one, because if we get Faldrek you can just turn the ship around. We don't need them all.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Where's Faldrick? Almost.
Tim Sackton: He's in the control room. Normally he was very excited.
Tim Sackton: I always wanted to find a hidden city.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Kenzel goes down into the control room. There.
Tim Sackton: Penzo Rodrick says.
David S. Kong: Kenzo Kenzo ignores, ignores him, and just goes.
Tim Sackton: You're gonna find the answers.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. I know. The answer is great.
David S. Kong: 16.
Tim Sackton: 16, you need to beat a 16. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Does that work, or does that not work.
Tim Sackton: 16 works. Yes.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: His face like completely changes.
Tim Sackton: What I was, I was sure
Tim Sackton: there was a hidden city in the desert.
David S. Kong: I know. I know you were sure I know you were sure everything's good. Yeah, yeah. You got charmed by our Nemesis wizard Fasto. You might have heard us talk about him. He's this Tridonian guy, not a very good man.
Tim Sackton: He was here. He!
Tim Sackton: He laughed like this morning.
David S. Kong: Telepath this morning. Telepathically to everyone. Yeah. Come, let's talk everybody. We all get Tim. Well, start just uncharming people as he sees them. But, like let's all talk to Frederick.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: So, Frederick? How long was Fausto here on the boat.
Tim Sackton: Good day.
David S. Kong: Day. Did you take anything?
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
David S. Kong: Let's do a big search
David S. Kong: and see if anything is gone. Was it just him anybody else? Come with him?
Tim Sackton: He had a little troupe with him. There was 7 of them.
Tim Sackton: one guy in armor, and a bunch of like mages that followed him around.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy!
David (he/him): I do have to step away. I'm sorry.
Tim Sackton: Bye, bye.
David S. Kong: No worries. See you, Schwartz.
Kate Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: We do a big search. Actually, can we run the security footage.
Kate Sackton: Or send? Or do we have enough people in charm to get them to do searching because.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, people searching.
Mike Sackton: Should we get the chip turnaround back to drain Corp? We did we already do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's true. You're right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, we're like, 500 miles away from Drancorp guys.
David S. Kong: That's all right.
Tim Sackton: We've been going full steam for almost 2 days.
Kate Sackton: So we're gonna have to teleport back Polyon. But we were gonna do that, anyway.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, the we could. Rainbow Bridge. Oh, 500 miles! We can't Rainbow Bridge 500 miles, can we?
Mike Sackton: No, Rainbow Brit? You used rainbow, Brit, right?
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? Right? Right, right, right, right.
David S. Kong: Anything missing.
Tim Sackton: I mean there might be some. There's nothing like you don't really keep. The only really, seriously, major thing you keep on the ship is
Tim Sackton: that's been her.
Tim Sackton: They're very well be the minor rings taken, or you know.
Mike Sackton: But cloud spinners.
Tim Sackton: Cloud spinner is still there. If Fodrek stole a thousand gold from you or Fasto, you would never know you've got too much gold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: And you keep all your match items with you. It's just cloud spinners, too big to normally.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right.
David S. Kong: And he didn't take Cloud Spinner.
Tim Sackton: He did not take Cloud Spinner.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: All right. So we just, you know, it was okay.
David S. Kong: But yeah, Fausto, and and 8 dudes.
Eric Rosenbaum: They were on the ship for how long? And then they left.
David S. Kong: For a day.
David S. Kong: Anyway.
Mike Sackton: They probably left traps and all kinds of bad things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Traps because they knew we'd come back here. Probably.
Mike Sackton: Right, but I think we should go after a polyon first.st
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Just teleport there. Now, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Too.
Tim Sackton: Cowboy.
Mike Sackton: To the temple of the 8 Divines, and Drankor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Science tomb from there.
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we need another hero's feast to defrighten ourselves?
Tim Sackton: If you're about to. If you want to leave the Temple of the 8 Divines, then yes.
Kate Sackton: Mean his tomb wasn't in the Temple. It was. We thought it was in the red.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: North, right.
Kate Sackton: So, so heroes feast, and then long rest, and then go, or just heroes feast
Kate Sackton: like, should we spend a day tending to our crew and
Kate Sackton: stuff, and then here is hasten! Leave the next day, or do we? Wanna just hear as he's go? And I won't have that spell slot either.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, I it's a good question. Do we have to decide? Does it.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't really matter if you decide tonight.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, can we decide? It probably has impacts on the world in the sense that it's actually means it's another.
Mike Sackton: We're not saving. We're not going after Sarah for 72 h instead of 48 h.
Mike Sackton: but we might want to think for a few minutes about
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could short rest either way.
Kate Sackton: I mean, it's just my 6th level slot doesn't matter as much as.
Mike Sackton: So you'd still have an 8, th but no 7.th Alright.
Tim Sackton: No. 7, th because you cast plane shift this morning.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you'd have an 8, th and you have No. 6 either. So you'd have 8th and fifths.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But Seeker would have all of your slots.
Tim Sackton: Not his 7, th because he'd teleport.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: The hefty tax on our high level spells. But I don't know that we have.
Mike Sackton: I don't know that waiting.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Waiting is actually not worth it for a 6th level slot, but it might be worth it for your 7th level slot.
David S. Kong: But don't we use that? Anyways, when we teleport.
Tim Sackton: I mean in you could sleep in the temple.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's let's do that. Let's go teleport there and sleep in drink, work
David S. Kong: long rest there in the in the safe temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Why does that get things done any faster.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't. It just needs.
Tim Sackton: You're in 7.th
Mike Sackton: It's it's it's more intelligent than long resting on the ship.
Kate Sackton: Because it gets a book.
Mike Sackton: Because it gets seeker slot, but it still is another day in the world for bad things to happen.
David S. Kong: Yeah. But whatever we'll, we'll deal with that later.
David S. Kong: Pop up later. We need that 7th level spell.
Tim Sackton: And speaker, cast teleport, and you appear
Tim Sackton: in the temple of the 8 Divines.
David S. Kong: -Oh.
Tim Sackton: Where Fausto.
David S. Kong: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Standing.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: And yells, you fools! What have you done?
Tim Sackton: As we end.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: You fools! What have you done?
David S. Kong: As in you destroyed a polyons factory.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I know, but that's good. That's good for us. That's good care, wrecked
David S. Kong: like past fastest, should be excited about this.